Oct 28, 2024
Slept in, but maybe that was the play. Hammered out our discussion post. Caught up to speed. We can write a good essay and hand it in at 5. After 5, we can start working on ruby. Made pasta for lunch. Two eggs. White-winter-hymnalled. Used pomodoros to finish and send in our mini-ethnography experiment. 10-21 BM Shift. Ate with Liam. Listened to an IDF soldier speak. Saw Jackie heading into her meducate meeting. We only have ruby to do. It is very manageable. 


5 hours for tomorrow's homework assignment


Oct 27, 2024
I send you out like sheep among wolves. Therefore be wise like serpents and innocent as doves. Did unexpectedly little. Thought we were going to catch up on work but instead languished. Bought pasta materials from Trader Joes.


Celina over for dinner. Did psych homework. Fortify the mind.


Oct 26, 2024
Leisured. Showered. Woke up properly. Sent emails to Mina and Zac thanking them for meeting with us. Guess we just resigned from Sliced Bread. Had an omelette for lunch. Where are we? Called mom, who's at Chloe's parents weekend. Slaughter Beach, Dog. Food. Picked up eggs from bart mart. Ran into Lukas Grunzke, who talked to us about applying to the CNVC with his language learning app. Dinner. Slept. BM shift at Reynolds. People stream out of Mandel in costumes. Devin is in a green dinosaur onesie. One Where's Waldo and a couple girls in ties. 夜郎自大. We don't feel like doing any work. Everyone's going to hear the university symphony. Guang came by to talk the latest advancements in Amigo. Amigo Pilot Ideas. Credibility is king. +1 will recruit our first disciples for “the supercollider” (group matchmaking event). Zero in.


Call our WHPK show *The Night Shift*


Slurpy Fish.


Make apple wallet event tickets for Amigo pilot dinner.
Bureaucrats kill art. Must resist bureaucrats. Must resist death.


Go here for ideas. https://www.reddit.com/r/sidehustle/comments/16mh2fv/whats_your_most_unexpectedly_profitable_side/


Oct 25, 2024
Showered. Breakfast. Went to Psych Research Methods. Humilk in front of the reg. Met Niko Stangs, an animals rights activist. Grabbed his contact, follow up for a long form piece about Vegan campus activism. Lunch. Wrote an email about survey design to Sameera. Met Zac at mind and biology. 10 ladybugs. Struggled with the microscope. Building ephys drives might sadly not be our thing, we're looking for a different type of interview. One door closes, another door opens. We're now a WHPK DJ. Ran into Nic at the reg. Talked science communication—that could be our show. Mina Lee. Nearly got stuck on the fourth floor of Searle. Dropped by Founder meetup. Went to Moda’s cast call. Sent in our WHPK confirmation. 4 hours at Suffrage Sounds.


There is no past or future, only the basement
At this moment, we are enjoined by a paradox of pain.


Everyone can speak at length given the right question.


Oct 24, 2024
Breakfast at Baker. Open mic tonight. Involved interviewing. “You are a detriment.” Be cognizant of the self to be selfless. Maroon Office Hours. Showed Shawn Quek NYT op-docs, interviewed him about what he thinks the next brain rot term should be. Got tagged by Noah Glasgow to cover tomorrow's Midwave radio party at Clancy's. Sent Guangxinyang his 500 dollars for Amigo. Talked to Darrel in Classics 409. Got an extension until Monday to work on our observation. Always choose to meet. Wide sargasso sea. Playdough at our Lives of Others class. Rushed to Ida for BM training, then to scream queen. Sat and ate with Victoria, Ugonna's friend. Set up the sound system at Hallowed with help from Chloe Perez and Tori. Ransom notes came to sing. Guangxinyang came to sing. So many of our friends came by, including Gertie from Lives of Others, BJ from involved interviewing, and Cecily from Lives of Others. Sy on the electric guitar has us in his phone as "Toby the Hallowed Open Mic Guy" Kevin from Hallowed is such a goat for letting us do this. Had fourth meal with Jelani. Sipped honey water. Jelani showed us his poems. "Dogs depraved devour knaves." Walked Yuna and Baylee back to South. Talked our favourite movies, including straight up. Ran into Jack Archer and caught up. Teenaged dirt bagged the shit out of tonight. If this isn’t nice what is? Called Aboo. Thunderstorms raging outside.


Amigo rebrand "+1".
Look into the Chicago Pedway System.
Teju Cole. Hannah Arendt. Be well read again.
Gothic fiction grew out of sentimental fiction, a genre that believed feeling was critical to philosophy.


Keep in Mind: Rule of parsimony. Don’t build startups around people’s second step behaviours. e.g don’t try to build to get someone to do something that is good for them. Rephrase the thesis when that happens.


Puppet Lab Observation: The Chicago Puppet Fest has a puppet artist incubator and they just announced their lineup. Could do a longform observation following these puppet artists around and interviewing them.


Cooking until midnight and we’re spent. But what a great feeling to feed so many people. See them fill themselves with food that you made.


Best thing about open mic this time around? We spent zero money.


Oct 23, 2024
Woke up. Showered. Collin handed us the HRL bag. Breakfast at Baker. Went through psych notes, quizzes, and the textbook. Midterm. Ate with Thomas. Responded to emails. Nap, refresh. Catch up. Look into "Akiyas" as real estate opportunities. Reach out to the people at Half Baked. Dinner with Alec. "The apples are ripe". Went to our Fire Escape films meeting. Read about the brain. Stopped by Trott's acai bowl study break with Alec. Alec recced us transcendence. Met Aman and Guangxinyang at the reg to talk about Amigo. We need a rebrand, the current signaling is that we're a space for people who need friends, and that's taboo. Signaling is important.


For our Amigo pilot, pitched Aman, Guangxinyang, and us each inviting three of our friends via email (like how Colin Yuan invited us to Windy Ventures) to Aman's place for dinner. Will be nice to be intentional with this group (our maybe zealots)


Fire Escape money laundering: fake "actors" in real movies.


养兵千日，用在一时. What we see as “cracked” is really just a factor of time.
Writing is good, it's like running a marathon. It builds "discipline."


Her (2013) is very real now. A couple of days ago a kid killed himself and left his last words to a character.ai Daenerys Targaryen chatbot. The company pulled the whole franchise off from its website, and now threads upon threads are redditors explaining how deeply connected they were to their AIs.


Look into Autotab. Think about what we learned this summer from working in housing. How it frustrated us that people don't mind wasting time when we can make processes more efficient.


Alex Banayan's thing was ditching finals to study the Price is Right. Eric Zhu's thing is working out of the bathroom as a kid. is our thing quitting our job and riding the train? It's good that we're the type of person to wear a big bread sign around.


Part of the difficulty of being a talk show host is filling the time intelligently. The interview format helps greatly—why don’t we get an AI interviewer to prod and ask us questions? Webapp Ideas: ChatGPT shell. Self interviewer.


Oct 22, 2024
Woke up this morning so rushed. Caught in a panic. No paper in the Yuen printer, we went to class distraught. Gabe took our paper anyways. Took after class to realize we’re fine. Lunch at Bart. 12 to 2 shift at Reynolds. We wanted to fall asleep. Moran came by to say hi. A little ice cream to brighten up our day. Napped. The Lives of Others, then app dev. Asked ourselves if Mark Zuckerberg jerks off. Got up and went to water polo. Knock out quizzes before we go to bed.


Realized in class we had not even opened our appdev homework from last week. 5 point penalty, but maybe we just needed the reminder. Get back up one of these days—rebuild a good relationship with Raghu. No need to be awkward about it.


Monk mode 4


Oct 21, 2024
Woke up at 5:00. Finished our Psych homework. Slept in. Read Felski before our Psych class. Left to meet with Christ Fugelstad. Look into Trinity College Dublin’s course offerings. Mention that we’re a fourth year needing civ to graduate. Moved to Ex Lib for our Maroon Meeting. Shawn Quek, avid Beli user, Singapore. Took Tae's headshots. Went back home for a quick nap. Reynolds shift. We're a guide, way finder. Reach out to Parnika. Finn stopped by to talk with us—about mentorship and drowning cities. Had dinner. Have to slip back into hyper-efficiency. We've just been watching TV. A cop's kicking out the homeless man. 10-21 BM Shift Closed up shop. Ladies at Pret let us bring home a free salad. Talked an hour and a half with Daniel Mata. He recounted an episode of seeing 6 wolves at daylight in Yellowstone, and the journey the Brothers Karamazov had taken him on, so that he could not stop thinking about death two weeks after.


"If you’re brave there’s the sink"
A guy was brushing his teeth in the Bartlett bathroom.
Write down five things we want to do most, then cross out four.
Can our problem be our lack of object permanence? It's hard to remember people exist when they're no longer involved in our life.


Oct 20, 2024
Steve Jobs. Beat sloth, went down to the Invisible Institute for Maroon All-eds. Teenage Dirtbag by Wheatus. Daniel Babnigg handed us the HRL duty bag. Signed Celina into North to work on Psych. Went down to Ida for our shift. Called Max Kastl. This side of paradise. Grabbed a bite in bart. Bought toothpaste. Moved to the Reynolds courtyard. Shame we haven't touched our camera in a month. Sat outside and read. Grabbed dinner at Baker.


Two big fish to fry this week
Psych Midterm
Lives of Others Paper
Fight fragmentation of the mind
"Junkyard dog or alley cats"
"Money talks and bullshit walks" Max Kastl


re: the Penguin, the small time gangster Rex Calabres, who sent you a doctor when you were sick and fronted your rent when you were short. Be like an Amm Taha, know things about the people around us. So that we know their names, their wants and dislikes. We want to be a man like that—well-loved.


Nostalgia for fall at home. Coming back from a run. Jump in the shower, and the cold sheds. Come out, feet on the carpet. Put on night clothes, and we sit downstairs, make tea and have bread.


We miss being really really happy.


Oct 19, 2024
Spent the night on our bean bag/couch setup. Went down to Baker. Had a quick bite before meeting Harris and going up to 53rd. Met Noah Alfman at Philz, who's working on a social movement (?) called Heroes. Talked Kierkegaard and Joseph Campbell. Noah's wrestling with many of the same questions that we have. But how do we make something specific enough? Look for unexpected analogs to inform design processes. Stopped by rehearsal at Cobb with Tiger's Eye. Went back to North and made food. Buttered bread, eggs in fried kimchi and scallions. Read Amitav Ghosh and napped. Bedouin dress. Listened to Fleet Foxes. Out of a daze. Got dressed. Bought our first wines at Trader Joes. Brought them over to Kavya. Checked in at Ida. AKDphi was holding their conference? Packed up AV, shadowed Eric on a round of the building. Korean culinary class wars. Stayed up watching the Penguin.


Try Mino Lee's monk mode for a week.
Listen to music and read when we want to jerk off.


Transcendence.
Learn to let things go.
Talked to Kevin from Hallowed about the night shift. Twilight hour of weird calm. Time-warped almost. Eric called us "brother."


Oct 18, 2024
We no longer aim to capture the popular imagination—we're looking exclusively for Pinchas's. Edward Munch's the sun. Apologized to Mabel for starting off the wrong foot. Noodles Etc. Ate with Luke. Nhan in town. Picked up our mice. We really did love our logitech M310. Had apple pie. Folded a crane and swung by Lincoln's birthday. Stopped by Elijah's. Saw so many of our friends from first year in Ihouse. and Francisco Gutierrez, and Yuto. Walked Chris back home. Moment of transcendence cruising down Ellis, coming from a party where we've seen so many of our friends we haven't seen in a year or more. Listening to Boa's duvet as we carve the asphalt like butter. We truly felt infinite. How badly do we want to express how that feels to someone!


Shot glasses laid out on the table, surrounded by two dozen former ihousers, econ people, members of off-off campus. Lincoln: "As many of you may know, I grew up in the church of the latter day saints"..which means I grew up Mormon...for most of my life I never thought I would drink, a couple years ago that changed. I decided that I would drink at some point in my life, and that point became my twenty-first birthday". "I'm scared right now because I've never done anything conscious-altering and my life's been pretty great"..."but there is something about having experiences that you know nothing about. life's made of these moments, and there are fewer and fewer of them as you grow up."


Talked to Sameera. What Zac is doing is optogenetically disrupting neural pathways in rat brains to test their brain plasticity. Will a rat still learn to make hot chocolate when we send him a little shock? It’s mapping out schema and engrams.


Look into these things. At least the wikipedia articles for: Brain, memory, learning, frontal cortex, hippocampus, neural network, neural plasticity, schema, engrams.


Convo with Luke:
Will Petty, cartographer of the Irish isles was really an information scientist. Scholarship and imperialism are so intertwined, though we like to think that technology is always progressive. / And really our justice systems are quite arbitrary. we cannot have a good understanding of justice until we understand the self. Because is a man 20 years out in prison the same one that committed the crime? What good does pain do? Why is our response to a crime (a sort of social friction) the expulsion of the criminal agent from society (see Levi Strauss) Blame solitary confinement on the Quakers. Maybe the sensical approach is slavery. He who kills another man’s son has to become his son. We repair and grow the fabric of society by becoming even more enmeshed with one another.


Oct 17, 2024
Butter basted layered jam toast for breakfast. Listened to interviews and skated over to Involved Interviewing. Afternoon Lives of Others class canceled. Settled in Social Science Research. Watched some more interviews. The Manson family thought they were reincarnations of the first Christians. We would have done very well in the 70s. Applied to Polsky's South Side Business Development Program. Met Steven holding down a giant inflatable dog on the quad. He usually does handiwork, but once in a while he gets gigs like this on task rabbit. Grabbed lunch at Bart. Arthur Sze. Manual. Big jug of water. Checked in to our shift at Reynolds—got our Friday back. I love the Marias. Hyperhidrosis. Alia came by to talk to us. Alec dropped by to see us. Went to Sliced Bread. Brought Moran and Genevieve back to D-Nik. Made kimchi scallion pancakes, now with corn. Inaugural chef Toby of the year. Moran called us the bear. Cooked from 9:30 to 12:00 for three straight hours.


Webapp Ideas: Re: Connor's every 15 minute habit tracker. Something to pull up on your phone? Or maybe just a sequence we encode, one letter per hour for 24 hours. e.g SSSSSSSSWWWEWWWEWWWEWWSS for Keys S: Sleep, W: Work, E: Eat


On People: Drop our work next time someone comes to talk to us. Always be available.


On Giving Advice: There's this episode in the Mahaparinibbana Sutta where the buddha explains to his disciples why he sticks around when he's figured it out. He tells his disciples that in a couple days he will pass into the realm of nirvana. His disciples start crying, and he keeps telling them "you should only have asked me to stay longer." Isn't it a little bit of a paradox? If buddhism is about no attachment, why does the buddha care about his disciples. And how do you be selfless when (to be frank) isn't there a huge freaking ego in giving advice?


Our conception of living is grounded too much in thinking—"cogito ergo sum"—why don't we consider that there is being in being. (Elizabeth Costello, Coetzee) It's easy to float up and we are only reminded of how nice things are when we're hanging out with Thomas on the 9th floor as the light shines in. Exercises in grounding.


On Organizations: Big social theory (almost a given)—change is driven by people organized around ideas. No one does anything alone. All the time, ideas are competing, some win out and others die out. In almost all cases, an idea begins from a very small group of individuals sitting around in a room, Pinchas's, Zealots, who see something as wrong with the way we think or the way we live. re: Paul Graham, enduring ideas more often than not start out as narrow and deep holes vs wide but shallow ones. So the question for us, how do we screen zealots? Where do we find 志同道合 companions?


What about invisibility frightens us?


Our Involvements:


Clubs: Sliced Bread (co-EIC), Chicago Maroon (associate arts editor), Fire Escape (outreach director), MODA (Head of Photography), Firebird, Water Polo (?).
Jobs: DNik RA. Building Manager.
Projects: Amigo, want to get into EMK lab and South Side Development Program
Hobbies: Photography, Blender?


Oct 16, 2024
Canker sores on our top lip. Sucks. Slept in. Met Olivia Rae in Bart. Moved to Cobb for a second. Coming out, we ran into Lukas and Elias among others building a Sukkah for Gaza on the quad. Wood beams and a thatched covering laid out under the sun. "See how they shelved us in the corner", Lukas made reference to the Chabad Sukkah on the quad. Back to Bart. Read Paul Graham's essay. We have to live in a pragmatic future. Went up to 53rd in search of a mouse. To no avail. In North. The sunlight shining so beautifully in. Hung out with Thomas. Ordered a bluetooth mouse. Keyed in rooms for the fire drill. RA-RH meeting at James Evans's RD apartment. Bread and cheese. Italian blood orange soda. Couldn't make the Exeter alumni event but maybe that's ok. Look into carcinization—nature always wants to evolve a crab. How to make money?


Why do we love information systems? They allow us to build up. That's what science and literature is, a body of knowledge that iterates and grows.


How do we get into BCI?
People frequently think that we're an arts or english major, we've got to live up to that.


What makes cooking maniac such a lovable contestant on Korean Culinary Class Wars?


On an email from Danny Wasserman from the Lumen Christi institute. Look and make use of funds. Make big moves while people are willing to help us—though we may feel stuck in the day to day. Rise above subsistence so we may achieve longevity.


re: convo with Olivia Rae. She spent last summer working for the federal public defenders in DC prisons. Her job was showing inmates tapes of their crimes. "Its a sad place...and strangely childproof". Talked about defending a Jan 6 insurrectionist and another man with unbridled laughter. Because "what can you do in prison except laugh?" It must be a little odd that we allow the state to enact violence on its own citizens. And how much do we owe to people in prison (Oscar Wilde, Wayne hsiung.)


Convo with James Evans:
1. grew up in California, train hopped with his dad when he was a kid. Rode the freight trains everywhere from Sacramento, up to Portland, but also west to Winnemucca and Salt Lake. Sometimes feet dangle miles up in the Sierra Nevadas in box cars. One time a chair with a broken leg, and a mouse looked straight into his eyes.


2. College student at Brigham Young now. Spent 3 months on the streets doing ethnographies of the homeless. Observing this complex community, pitched right next to their tents. One time to a kind schizophrenic. Hey man I have to tell you the truth—I’m actually a sociology student. And without a beat, he says, me too. Mindfuck, maybe just echolalia. Look into Evicted by Matthew Damond. 


3. Populating AI societies now, just having AI’s talk to each other. Because we need to find ways to check superpowered intelligence. Kings were a type of power, and in 1260 we made one sign the magna carta./ Asked James Evans how he ended up from 2 to 3, and he said what he’d been studying the whole time is “collective intelligence”. “It just happened to be that most intelligence used to be human.”




Song: Bin Guy


Oct 15, 2024
On an email from Danny Wasserman from the Lumen Christi institute. Look and make use of scholarship funds. Make big moves while people are willing to help us—though we may feel stuck in the day to day. Rise above subsistence so we may achieve longevity. Came back late last night. Slept on our makeshift setup for Jasper. Properly cold in the morning, snappy, put on our jacket. Melted butter. Printed out our interview guide with the Yuen printer. Went to Involved Interviewing. Built up a reading list. Nobel, big W for Acemoglu. Stopped by SNVC event at Booth. It's building a "secular church". Walked back with Harris and Maya. Look into BCI, Brain Computer Interface. Ran into Louis Yeh coming out of North. Returned texts. Was hyper-efficient for the span of an hour. Learn hotkeys! Skated over to class in the rain. Raguh's charisma is that he's calm, maybe oddly calm. Had dinner at Bart. Crashed. Had hot chocolate at Joe and Cristi's. United Farm Workers. Bit the bullet, upgraded our icloud. Now we have our obsidian synced up.


Amigo is the Human Revitalization Project. Andrew Huberman from Stanford.


Draw up yolk tomorrow. Put it in a graphic style, call it mimesis. Our recent trend of vegetarianism, of visualizing our food before we eat, is a practice and attempt at radical empathy. Because Coetzee, can we envision ourselves as a bat? The following is maybe an allegory: we come from an amorphous world of light (Aggañña Sutta, Neoplatanism, Manichaeism) and our existence on this plane is a state of temporary imprisonment. Our minds, closed off by our bodies, can never completely understand other people's experiences. It is this inability that breeds loneliness, hatred, apathy, and insecurity. We have long strived to bridge that division via art, sex, and writing (technologies of communication). Nevertheless there is an inefficiency. Given developments of this new millennia in artificial intelligence, neuroscience, and brain-computer-interface, can science and technology finally absolve us of our sins? Is this messianic or blasphemous? 


Tribes: re: conversation with Jay. We are altruistic towards tribe members. Willing to open doors and pass down knowledge within the tribe. See Exeter. We form tribes around social groups (alumni), interests (running), and around beliefs (religion). Can we form a tribe around like-minded and enterprising people? Is this Generation 27? Think Hemingway, Paris, New York. Cities are self-selecting geographies where the ambitious gather, the former small-towners, the former nobodies.


Tribalism is the only sustainable model right now until we crack the code.
We're talking about building a secular church.


We've come to hold some pretty weird ideas.
To know everyone is to run the risk of knowing no one.
To forget a name is oblivion—Payton Hobart "the Politician"


Oct 14, 2024
Woke up at 5:00. Applied to three treks. Updated our resume to fit amigo in. 8000+ miles of travel this summer on the train. We can be in Berlin, Prague, or New Delhi. Did our psych homework. Very productive morning. Christopher Columbus was perhaps Jewish? Showered. Went to Psych. Sat at starbucks with Sophia for a bit. Lunch with Jasper. Went to AV training. Back home and napped. Have to figure out our classes. Sent Jasper off, saw him get on the 55th. Dinner with Jay and Harris. Walked him to Gavin House. Early 2 hours for our shift at Ida. Saw Anthony Calixto, our roommate in Mexico city last winter, and his name resurfaced in our brain, bubbled up to escape a sort of amnesia. Sat and talked with Ashley. Nahir came by, a Booth 2nd year who we met at the IOP over this summer. Wrote up and submitted our Loeb app. It's getting snappy out there. Getting pretty tired. Honey Hold Me brought us back. Grinded out Ruby.


On seeing Jasper. Felt this poignant sense of wanting to be completely in the moment. Something to treasure, and of course we don't know when we'll next see someone.


Reminisced about Exeter with Harris, and McLaughlin, how sharp and witty he was. Really it was a place where kids parented kids. Told him this the trajectory of our life: to know ourselves, to hold a deep conviction, to actualize it within ourselves before spreading it. And really even the first step is so hard.


Who are we when the city sleeps? Maybe we’re vengeance. Cruised down woodlawn back to North. It really is quiet.


Have to do focused sidequesting. Sidequest but make sure that our sidequests actually do enrich our lives. We need to be very consistent about one thing. 


Oct 13, 2024
[[On Obsidian]]


Woke up at around 11:00. Stopped by the Windy Ventures brunch. Met Shikar, talked about solar and perfumes. He said a friend who made his money off construction taught him everything about perfumes. Sat with Isabella and Leena for a bit. Intro'd Nikhil to Obsidian. Walked with Jasper to the point. On the way, a cannibalized bike and a desiccated Elmo atop a sunroof. Went to the point. Vegan hotdogs. Made smores. Went in the water. Dropped by Trader Joe's after. Met with Joe and Cristi. Building manager night shift. Read Amitav Ghosh. Does take us 2 hours to read 40 pages. The Geniza, the storehouse of knowledge. Stayed up late late. Gorged on the toasted bread and the triple cream cambozola we got at Trader Joe's.


How odd really that our name is Toby, not something like Alex or Ben?


Sonnet 12, Shakespeare.


And nothing ‘gainst Time’s scythe can make defence
Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.


Really we want to harness information to make better decisions about our life. Remember to do things that make us smile! That's being with other people (meaningfully), travelling, working on something exciting.


Oct 12, 2024
Our body's exhausted. Went down to Ida Noyes. Spent most of our shift setting up obsidian. Eric came to meet us at Ida. Walked over to Bart to eat. Amitav Ghosh, then maybe go into the city to meet Jasper and Holden. 58th street metra station. Three old pals are going to Indiana. Talked to Annie on the train, who we met while evangelizing for Sliced Bread last year. Talked about the "recruiting" tool that we're building. Met Jasper and Holden outside of the Field Museum. Field Museum Visit with Holden and Jasper. Kali of the bottomless void and infinite womb. Took the red to Chinatown. Fueled up. Broke our vegetarian streak for some 担担面 and 红油抄手. Back home. Slept. Woke up in a daze. Finished watching About Time. Made more sandwiches. Took Jasper to Klubnacht. Spent some time there before dropping him off at Calista's. Returned for a brief conversation with Nikhil, whom we offered some water. Times at Fay, Matias Jurado "the Flash", not just because he was fast. And Sebastian's "I did not jerk." 


2 in the morning, we walk home from Kimbark. And the guards stand like stalactites. Their neon vests on every street corner. And really we thought: damn, we are always alone. We have to be honest with ourselves about why we're doing the things we do. Amigo for one. We did see Skylar at Klubnacht. We've got this odd psychology around friends. Maybe we think it's a huge failure that we don't have friends who'd celebrate our birthday out of a social contractedness.


Most of meta's acquisitions have been talent acquisitions. 
Beware of junk experience, we don't want to waste our time doing base level stuff without going anywhere.


Amigo: What's good about ITYSM is that it's simple and that we can visualize a "lineage"


Oct 11, 2024
Did laundry in the morning. Slept in. Showered. Made butter and apricot jam sandwiches. Went to our psych lab. Mom wrote with news that our green card was approved. Lunch at Woodlawn. Submitted our playlist for WHPK. Moved to the Maroon office. Sipped on a hot chocolate from the center of spiritual life. Dinner with Tyler. Genesis. Dropped by a KSO event for food. Talked with Irene about our love for Mexico city. This year is the year we go supersonic. Midnight soccer. Shirts vs skins. Played a Wallace-Salisbury-Fama conglomerate. Andy on goal. Marshall went hard. Called mom. Set up Jasper’s sleeping quarters. Couch + beanbag. Checked him in at 2:00.


Even if we’re 3 or 4 years from the brightest people we know, we’re still in the same lifetime.
One thing at a time.
Build up our extended brain on obsidian.
Tribalism is the only sustainable model, until we crack the code.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FylHa4_neOA


Note from Tyler: technology should not replace humans. The key to authentic design is that the human should never feel removed. 


Must be kind of easy to get into someone's accounts if they use the same password for all sites. We could use a website signup to collect people’s emails and passwords.


Think ephys shuttle drives—it took Jai a decade to breed an optogenetic-sensitive line of rats.


WHPK playlist:
So Nice So Smart by Kimya Dawson (108 BPM)
1980s Horror Film by Wallows  (119 BPM)
Archie, Marry Me by Alvvays (117 BPM)
Katie, Queen of Tennessee by The Apache Relay (127 BPM)
Phoenix by Slaughter, Beach Dog (71 BPM)


Webapp ideas: 
Quickhand note taking app for conducting interviews.
Music hoarder, file and tag songs to make playlists. 
Streaming platform for virtual pets. Tip to feed. (Tuchler’s Chameleon)


Oct 10, 2024
Woke up. Showered. Rushed over to 1155 for Involved Interviewing. Bean soup in Woodlawn. Had a great chat with Harris. Went to the Maroon office in Ida. Worked. Called mom briefly. The lives of others—Apotheosis of Augustus (Tristes Tropiques). Lab night. Rat brains. SB in Bartlett lounge. Four corners. Stayed after to close shop. Washed knives. Aabir stopped by. Called dad briefly. Went onto the roof of Ryerson with the astronomical society. Now we’ve thrice missed the aurora. Watched About Time. 


Stamps Budget Planning:
6 quarters (2200) + 1 summer (5000). Try to hit $2500 this quarter, which is 166hrs of work. Means we work ~20hr a week on our project. Otherwise estimate big costs.


Notes from a conversation with Harris:
There’s a religious idea that the truth is something that has to be transmitted through fiction, because its pure essence contains an inherent ineffability. Our cups, bowls, and chairs are ersatz representations of their perfect concept. Because our current technologies of communication: writing, painting, photography, sculpture, all contain a level of inefficiency—what we are able to realize is always a little off from what’s in our mind. Neuralink provides an exciting alternative. What will it mean when bandwidth can fully capture and encode thought with no information loss. So developments in neuroscience and artificial intelligence mean that questions we’ve pondered in philosophy and religion for two millenia are now in the realm of technology. Subjective experience capture, “soul” encoding, these are no longer theoretical but practical questions. Towards a realization of God.


Harris thinks that we lack heroes. There is no one in our generation for which we can say, what would [Jesus] do? The problem may really be two. One that no such figures exist (the closest seem to be internet personalities like David Goggins), and two that consumerism has rendered us all faithless. 


Godhood is a very delicate illusion to uphold. We need people to be more upset about things. 


UI/UX design, human-tech interaction, that’s probably the closest to what we’re interested in doing for a living. Because it requires some serious thought. One has to imagine themselves as the user. Seek out a mentor in that space. Could be James Evans, could be Mina Lee, could be Paul, could be Simon. 
 
II: Interview flowchart
Is it a yes no question?
Is it one question?
Is there an ambiguous concept (e.g “community)?
Can the question be simpler?
Can the question be less specific? (e.g take out favourite, most)
Is the question for the person you’re talking to? 
Is the question judgy?
Is the question leading?
Helpful constructions: “walk me through”, “tell me about”. 
“Sociologists say xxx, what do you think about that?”


Amigo. Chloe: check out you should meet app. Have to reconsider the initiator problem, who initiates?


Dreamt that we met beabadoobee off the street walking with dad and invited her for a quick bite. Stopped by a 大排檔. The owner kept confusing our order of flan and fries, so that when we turned around beabadoobee was gone. 


Oct 9, 2024
Slept in. Man handed us a bible on our way to class. Ate at Bart. Sat with Amber for a bit in the reg. Where’s our mouse and dongle? Bret Victor. 草东没有派对 is a Taiwanese Cigarettes after Sex? Went down to Polsky. Talked with Paul. Had a good convo. Shed exeter. Sent an email to Mina Lee, professor on AI and writing in the compsci department. Dropped by Moda. On two movies for doc films this quarter. Very different in flavor—Ky’s drag queen thriller and Ellie’s asian american family film. Building manager shift. Lola stopped by. Look into soft white underbelly. Reading Ellie’s script made us cry. Went home and slept at 1.


IIN: “Could you walk me through….”


Tyler’s addition to the shell model: hydrophobic molecules enclose themselves in a layer of water. Punctuated equilibrium. 


Amigo: “Meals for convos” Underclassmen have guest swipes, upperclassmen need food. Could be an alternate web app idea. 


Meta apparently has postdocs. Most companies have innovation wings. Think of SBAF as Sliced Bread’s innovation division. SB nanowrimo?


Hunger, sex, and power’s domination in contemporary sociological discourse have contributed to a reductive view of humanity. Self-actualization, transcendence, a need for meaning, these things which we conventionally prescribe to “higher ideals” may themselves be fundamental drivers of behavior. Cloth mama (Harry Harlow), God. Take micromanagement—is it that people abuse power or that people want to feel useful? We need a new social theory. Only by reinterpreting what human nature is can we lend possibility to visions that better living. Idealism is always pragmatic in that way. 


After we told Paul about Estrella’s last farewell app and asked him to keep us updated about anyone working in that genre, he told us that student entrepreneurship seems to be going in the other direction. “Things are more ‘hollow’,” he said, “however, technology has always existed, and for any movement there is a reaction”. The more we automate and find ourselves slipping into hyper efficiency, there will be a pushback and yearning for authenticity. And we’ll be there. 


Babylon is the super-structuralization of man, which now confines him, which he calls the machine. Society—our social product has become something that estranges us. Put simply, the city makes us lonely because it deprives us of neighbors. The solution? Make our communities smaller. Restore the neighborly bond. To start, we have only need to care for those immediate to us.


Evolution:


V1: The Button
Thesis: abundance of information offered via social media has led to decreased patience in getting to know others irl “the hinge effect”; phones create barriers which have eliminated most opportunities for chance meetings; isolationist norms make it socially unacceptable to approach people you don’t know. 
In a nutshell: stranger proximity matching.
Execution: Red button provides you with a match identified solely by name and clothing.
Problem: critical mass—need enough people to opt in in the same space in order for us to provide spontaneous matches. bad apples—no social guarantee that everyone on the app is benign, general inability to filter out malicious agents. no exit—no way to comfortably exit an awkward interaction in which one party wants to exit but the other does not.


V2: Amigo
Thesis: mutuals provide social credibility for yet-to-meet parties; semi-strangers within a network lead to higher likelihood of positive interactions while retaining serendipity. 
In a nutshell: matchmaking via mutuals.
Execution: contact upload. amigo matches you with someone with whom you share a mutual.
Problems: critical mass—people often have positive experiences meeting mutuals but aren’t incentivized enough to actively seek out these meetings. clashing expectations—no way to define engagement for either party, is it romantic, platonic, for business? fallout—amigo is responsible/viewed as responsible if an interaction goes bad.


V3: I Think You Should Meet
Thesis: outsourcing matchmaking to a matchmaker who is able to set expectations for both parties and provide a reason for their engagement. Single-user-tool solves critical mass problem inherent for social platforms. 
In a Nutshell: paperless post for two.
Problems: doubt of authenticity—how do we make the email not look like a scam/the sender got hacked? Privacy—how do we monitor appropriate use of the emails?


What are our career plans? What are we doing after we graduate? Paul asked. All we know is that we need to be in the right rooms. Exeter was the first room we got into. CNVC was last, what’s next? Have to be in the AI space. It’s gold or shovels. Be prescient. 


Was just thinking today that for our brief two decades of life on this planet we’ve come very far. Circumnavigated the globe, got to meet a truly wide array of people. It’s been a storied life.


Oct 8, 2024
Up at 6:30. Showered. Let’s work. Grabbed two cakes on our way to Interviewing. The Canadian film board’s ZEA. It’s all a matter of perspective. Spent the day building a linktree clone for app dev. Met up with Simon at Bart. Today was rough. Left App Dev just to sleep in Booth. Packed up our things. Stopped by Bartlett. Had dinner with Ryan and Isabella. Was really nice to see them. Be less weird. Stopped by Moda. Get to know Will Hu. Sliced Bread. We know where we’re going, take a step back. 


Some real fatigue today—could be our vegetarian diet. Our eyes feel like they're about to pop out. But we’re alive, at least.


Amigo: Marketing. Keep ITYSM a closed club. People have to get an ITYSM to start sending out ITYSM’s of their own. Creation of a lineage? We can track lineages based on keeping a record of who sent whom ITYSM’s when.


Song: Metamodernity by Vansire. 


Oct 7, 2024
Breakfast with Kyle. Talked intentionality and intergenerationality. Important to get these things down. Went to psych research methods. Cloth mama and wire mama.  Submitted our English canvas post. Lunch, met Emma from Maroon TV and Gilberto, one of Daniel Mata’s friends. Went back to North to nap. We are weary. Ate with Kyle for a little bit. Showed him Legacy of the Void. Attended a loeb.nyc info session. Talked to Chloe, Building Manager, about human computer interaction. Jojo gave us a tour of Reynolds, she had survived a triple flip in a side by side. 100 feet down a ravine. Ran into Akpsi doing their interviews, and Pi Phi doing their sorority stuff. Got our maroon login. The BM night shift. Dream pop. Brought pizza back to North. On Ellie’s project—Tiger’s Eye. 


With the elderly, their short term memory may be befuddled but their long term memory is very much intact. So we all get old and become memory machines.


SBAF: have mini-surveys with birthday, favorite food. Do interviews so that people can meet Kavya and us. Send weekly emails to that group. 


No, fuck your frats, fuck your suits, fuck people who don’t know you deciding who you are. If your community’s based on exclusivity… Emily Wheeler asked us once what we learned photographing people at parties. We learned invisibility. We don’t know the people who make our food, the people who clean our houses, the men subterranean. Where does the evil arise? Was it us all along? 


Building manager job. Always the most interesting conversations. So many nooks and crannies in Ida. Make a short film told through shift reports. Found footage?


Oct 6, 2024
Robert Indiana’s Four Winds. Our first painting and hopefully many more to come. £3,500. Give us 5 years. Went down to Logan to film with Luke and Isaac. Had lunch with Anna, visiting from Bowdoin. Luke’s been listening to Kino, Victor Tsoi. Appreciation for the God of Small Things, massively based from Luke. Interclub mixer. Squirrel threesome on Ellis. Napped. The sun reminded us. Two birds, an augury. Stopped by Josie’s. Grabbed food before meeting with Joe and Cristi. We may have a lot of work to do—but we’re a dog!


“I Think You Should Meet!”
Choice font: Verona TS-Extrabold
Thesis: paperless post for two people.
Part I: People sorter. Contact upload. Contact sorting. Contact matching. 
Part II: Invite sender. “I Think You Should Meet.”
*tag think two people should meet? try ITYSM.
Option to be an anonymous matchmaker is attractive because it relieves matchmakers of social fallout if interaction turns bad. From our end, accountability is provided by user login so we keep track of all requests. 


All social engineers are extreme, it takes a lot to think—I want to change how people live. Social engineers are just smart about how they package their message. e.g “wise as serpents and innocent as doves.” They understand that they must build a strong core of zealots (Pinchas), in order to reach the laypeople (secular Franciscans). They are also keenly aware of how scary the unfiltered truth can be to the unconverted (angels say “be not afraid.”) Take, “I come not to bring peace, but a sword.” Christ wanted to dissolve families. Christ, Marx, Zuckerberg—they’re all in the same category for us. They’re teachers, rabbi, educators.


Our general theory: love thy neighbor no longer works because we don’t know who our neighbors are anymore.


Build big communities by first building strong communities—this is what we learned from Sliced Bread. Must compartmentalize.


SB: while we’re doing the branding guide with Courtney, figure out typography. Pick a go-to font for each style (serif, sans serif) and install it on our adobe account. Big bread, we’re proud of ourselves. Guerilla marketing tactic netted 60 followers on our instagram, and wide recognition of SB.


Oct 5, 2024
Woke up. Went to volunteer at the South Side Science Festival. There’s Grace Li from Columbia, who Will Park took pictures of for Rat Rock. She’s now a first year phd student in the compsci department, working under Dr. Mina Lee in the UChicago Communications and Intelligence group. We thought she was really pretty. Got to talk with Su Yian as well, another phd student, about how the Chinese music scene has evolved. 草东没有派对, 我的滑板鞋. Went to the CNVC kickoff. Faradawn was there. Met Simon working on an athlete recruitment platform. Got his number and asked to grab lunch. Intro’d Marshall and Colbert at Bart. Stopped by the North/Max P carnival. Great music. Had multiple bowls of tofu rice from the Asian food truck. Got to talk to Chloe Eng. Napped for a bit before heading to the corduroy function at Evgenia’s. Rishi lent us his flannel. Noah and Leo on the bean bags. We were so serious. Talked idealism vs pragmatism. Walked home with Finn, Claudia, Daniel Mata and his friend. Met Matthew with a skateboard coming out of North. Cruised down Ellis with him to the quad. First meeting of skate club.


Ben Burgess: arranged marriages can work because people work through incompatibilities vs when people have full agency, they filter. The problem about info is that we create narrow definitions of each other, and when they don’t match up irl, we have a negative reaction. If we’re building a matchmaker aid, interview matchmakers


Why are we suspicious of digital solutions to interpersonal relationships? Because authenticity is key, and we usually judge authenticity by the amount of effort it takes for someone to do something. Given that digital makes everything easier, how do we find a way to communicate authenticity? Paperless post does this really well—when we got sent the invite from Shabtai we felt valued, even if we were one of two dozen people sent the same invite. 


To Noah and Leo: no need to reinvent the wheel. We connect by outsourcing to the connectors.


From Sep 25 to Nov 5, a passing asteroid will become a second moon. 


Oct 4, 2024
Grits for breakfast. Called mom about winter break plans. We may apply for a trek to Germany. Went to our psych lab. Amelia Gibbs from YKPao. Sat in the Stuart cubicles. Had office hours with Raghu. Met Ellie at Bartlett. Explained food visualization and auditioned for Tiger’s Eye, a bilingual role. Ran back to North for our bread suit. Tabled on the quad. Really sunny out. Will Hu at Moda, reminds us a lot of Will Park actually. Met Guang and Aman at the A level. Followed Aman to Henry Josephson’s. UChicago’s Effective Altruists would make for a good ethnography. Went out to midnight soccer with Billy, Aviral, Marshall, Henry and Kali. Ended up playing world cup among ourselves. House study break. Wrote out our remaining board intros with Lola. Dream house: 70s conversation pit, central asian yurts. Make a taxonomy of bread. Send mom a birthday card.


21, and often we feel like Jeremy Allen White, juggling five pans in a kitchen. Our one task now is this—to be present. One thing at a time. Because all that matters is the right here, right now (most of the time). Especially when we’re talking with people! Look them in the eye. 


Amigo x Raghu: (perhaps a paradigm shift) envision what we’re building as a tool not for the match-made but for the matchmakers. Give people interested in connecting their friends an easy way to do that. a.k.a I Think You Should Meet. More akin to a paperless post than hinge.


Functionality: Upload contacts. Sort contacts (by label?). Manage matches. Schedule meeting. Send out invites (paperless post)
Pros: Single user, tight scope, solves versatility problem (business intros + romantic setups)
Most importantly, we now have a defined user: the matchmaker 
A social butterfly who enjoys the ego bump from being the mutual point of connection in their circles.


SB: Group meetings are not efficient or effective. Maybe the way we do it is schedule 1 on 1’s with Courtney (for social media) and Kavya (for artist features). Create a branding guide with Courtney—will help both with direction and longevity. Make ourselves the master of the social calendar. 


Prioritize: Classes > Stamps > Sliced Bread.
*Note to tease out this chain of priority so that we may remind ourselves and stick to it. 
We do good to others by doing first what’s good for us.

LT (life thoughts): What do we appreciate now? Thoughtfulness expressed in initiative (reaching out) or by paying attention to the smallest details. Because the truth is most people just don’t care—which makes caring precious.


Oct 3, 2024
Oatmeal for breakfast. Involved Interviewing. Had lunch at Bartlett. Stopped by the CCRF fair. 
Digital ethnographies? All about lily chou chou came up. Moved to Stuart. Did our readings behind the desk. Phoebe dropped by for a little bit. Flu shot on the quad. The Lives of Others. Think hard about ethnographies. Malinowski’s participant observation. Always a sea-change. Dinner. Went to Wopo. Was nice to feel our body sore. Ran into Alec coming back into North. Checked out his room before hanging out in ours. These past days have been nice and full. We must be less edgy.


The chef rolls out a cloth covered cage and it’s clear something’s banging in there. The cloth comes off and it's a monkey with its head fixed immobile, arms flailing about. The chef scalps the monkey and feeds the guests live monkey brains.


So yes, Coetzee, the lives of animals. 4 days pescatarian. 


Oct 2, 2024
Paragon of animals, quintessence of man. IQ bell curve meme, judge, judge not, judge. Read over psych readings. We’re climbing the cursus honorum—on track to be on the Maroon masthead. Edited Articles with Noah and Laine. Followed Clancy to the Ida career fair. Be systematic about how we collect names and contact info. Alex Richardson, who left college for Shanghai, wrote ads for the game Mafia City. The career fair is a rat bucket. Tap access to Maroon HQ. Caught up with Adrian in Hallowed. Roamed about the quad for food. Stamps dinner at Nella—talked to Eshan. UCHRP’s work in Berea. Social networks as it applies to rehabilitation for unhoused drug addicts. Pasta posillipo. Sweet baby mussels whose dignity we appreciated. To think they once saw the light from under the sea. North staff meeting, got to talk in depth with James Evans, who called us “dude!” by the end. International Food Box. The house sang us happy birthday. Talked with Marshall. Did some Greek with Soph and Lola. Carlo’s a big skateboarder. One moment we stepped in his room and it felt like a Browning interaction. Just being able to step in without asking. Convo with Lola, Thomas, and Angel. Anointed oil on Mount Sinai. Angel who once killed and prepared a sheep for his family. All glory to the matadores. Lola was being super awkward while we were hanging out in the lounge. What a great birthday! Shanah Tovah. Uma boji masiso, kureso, pagaso. Borrowed Yuen’s printer. Watched Korean Culinary Wars with Angel. 


Notes from convo with James Evans: 1. grew up in California, train hopped with his dad when he was a kid. Rode the freight trains everywhere from Sacramento, up to Portland, but also west to Winnemucca and Salt Lake. Sometimes feet dangle miles up in the Sierra Nevadas in box cars. One time a chair with a broken leg, and a mouse looked straight into his eyes.


2. College student at Brigham Young now. Spent 3 months on the streets doing ethnographies of the homeless. Observing this complex community, pitched right next to their tents. One time to a kind schizophrenic. Hey man I have to tell you the truth—I’m actually a sociology student. And without a beat, he says, me too. Mindfuck, maybe just echolalia. Look into Evicted by Matthew Damond. 


3. Populating AI societies now, just having AI’s talk to each other. Because we need to find ways to check superpowered intelligence. Kings were a type of power, and in 1260 we made one sign the magna carta./ Asked James Evans how he ended up from 2 to 3, and he said what he’d been studying the whole time is “collective intelligence”. “It just happened to be that most intelligence used to be human.”


Song: Golden hour by JVKE


Oct 1, 2024
Woke up and showered. Went down to Woodlawn for a quick breakfast.. Crashed Involved Interviewing. We have to be in this class. Hung out with Vanessa. Sang Blackbird. Ate at Bart. Do cogsci readings. Panel for the center of teaching and learning. Pablo and Naeyon. Jiaming and Lizzie (Psych + Cogsci). Raghu, 5 years he left college for India. HTTPS requests will make us a master of the universe. Went to Jacinta’s place at Solstice. Guess we’re part of MODA board now? Stopped by Hutch. Chatted with Claire. Chloe called for our birthday. Called Aboo briefly.


Raghu office hours. Humans and chimpanzees share 98% of our DNA, just as twitter and airbnb do. It’s the 2% that matters, which we manipulate.


Rabbi Schmully: Halacha v’ein morin ken is a law that must not be written down. Pinchas kills a man for cohabitating with the enemy. That act is just only for the zealot, because the zealot acts without knowing the law.


Students who know the name of another student perform vastly better than students who don’t.


Plotted out this quarter. Take care of important dates.
Stay organized and slow down, just like foosball. 
Leave 2 hours everyday to do homework. 


We have to be direct with people because to be roundabout is a turnoff. Just say what we want. 


White supremacists and exotic leather shops.
Music theory—color theory equivalencies. Notes, like language, are cultural artifacts? 


Sep 30, 2024
St. Francis of Assisi. What is required of you is greater than what is required of them. Had psych research methods with Sophia Emy. Lots of women in psychology. Stopped by Plein Air. Had an intentional meal at Bartlett. Tasted our food properly for the first time. Talked artist features with Kavya. “Tuesday’s our oyster”. Stopped at Kavya’s briefly. Ruby Velez. Shabtai was something. Skated along 55. Jackson Giampa, met Sean on our floor, back from two years of South Korean military service. Called mom briefly. Present ourselves well and keep our friends close.


Crack the shell, what are A.T fields after all. Find the child underneath the adult.
Isn’t that the thesis of Evangelion?
Sophie Wingland pointed us in this direction: look into academic literature on physiological changes when harmonizing. 


Intentionality, presence, and thought.
This is water. One thing at a time. Charnel grounds
Envision the full lifecycle of a bird before putting it in your mouth. 


Amigo, return to y2k? This year: find a mentor + just be doing stuff.


Sep 29, 2024
Had breakfast with Vanessa. Bowling/space ball. Picked up a big joe bean bag from Facebook marketplace for $10. Rolled it into North, through doors and up elevators. Showed Thomas and Lola freakball! Hopeless wanderer. Our birthday is on Tuesday.


WeCroak, hop into death drive.


Sep 28, 2024
Rodrigo and Sho came in the morning to pick up their stuff. Declutter. Script review meeting. Put sliced bread intros together. We actually have stuff to show for our presentation. Lunch with Anderson, Ryan and other incoming freshmen from Exeter. (That place now feels distant). Ran into Aviral. Helped Billy move in. Good to see people we know again. Museum of Science and Industry. Alex Odel. Coal mine tour was fire. “Longwall shearers can go for 70 to 90 million dollars”. Ice wall. Played pool with Lola. 


Grab dinner with Finn.
Dorm room interior design. Actually just feng shui.
Pet shrimp? We want to make this place nice. 
Hypersomnia. 


Song: Mr. Chill by Dan Wriggins.


Sep 27, 2024
Day with Holden. Met him at the Art Institute. Frederick Edwin Church’s View of Cotopaxi, a glimpse of paradise. Too bad they didn’t have cameras. Erm, what the bao pi? 卫世人. Called Rishi. Called J Money. Katapugon. Slept. Reynolds night shift. Talked with Crisbelle about perfumes. “...like writing a letter.” We’re really good at getting in there. Left at 12:30. Honey please come home. Stayed up to watch a cooking show. Caved and had eggs. 


In the best conversations, names don’t come up until you’re way way in. And maybe that reflects the mindset required in the best conversations. Forget structure.


Just film something. 


Sep 26, 2024 
Breakfast with Angel, DNik, from Andorra. Fears about food, an episode of burger patties slapped on the edge of the table. First day at Reynolds. Didn’t feel so good. Logan Party. Ran back to assemble the QR code. Became a billboard for a bit. 2am we’re spent. Cut our hair. Showered. Cleaned up. Take our hands off sliced bread. 


Faith and Eva


Song: Seasons by Wave to Earth.


Sep 25, 2024
What’s our uncomfortability with humanoid pokemon. Is it that pokemon are animals, or that they are slaves? Look into death reminders.  First house meeting. Glow party. Ball pit with Ben Fica. Could go see Mt. Joy or Wave to Earth. Abstain, rebuild. Get good sleep.


Fall duty nights.
Week 2 Monday October 7th 
Week 3 Sunday October 20th
Week 4 Wednesday October 23rd
Week 5 Monday October 28th
Week 7 Friday November 15th


Sep 24, 2024
Woke up at 7:00. Made eggs for breakfast. Move-in. Staffed the elevators with Maya. Chinese meme ecosystem. “The Opps.” Jackie came by. Pumpkin spice latte. Susball with Kublai and Jelani. Got to know Ugonna. 


Shortcomings, a little on the nose, and maybe even insufferable with the dialogue, but fundamentally good at saying what’s uncomfortable out loud. It’s something honest, and in that case, way better than a Crazy Rich Asian.


Sep 23, 2024
Woke up at 8:00. Went down for breakfast. Talked SB politics with Courtney. Stopped by Logan. Acquired a monopod. Jollibee at Masons. All the RAs walking over. Felt like part of a big family. Really really nice. Napped on the couch. Woke up to Collin’s phone hovering inches above our face for a .5. Building tour. 


Sep 22, 2024 
Raining out. Woke up. Showered and did laundry. Daniel’s Debussy Arabesque. Slept. Went out. The rain helped wash our wheels. Light mist. Short jog. Called mom and dad. 


Song: Harvey by Her’s 


Sep 21, 2024 Day 0
Went down to the farmers market with Ugonna and Melody. Lunch at Woodlawn with Sergio. Made ourselves an iced coffee. Some are born great (...)  Unfortunately languished. Fugue. Dinner then Jewel-Osco. Rode all the way up university ave. So quiet at night. Made eggs. Watched all about lily-chou chou. End of a summer. We’re reading an article from David Brooks.


Burn old sliced bread group chat. Make a new one that is contained. People don’t want to talk in overly large chats.


All the parents moving their kids in. and maybe we do get a little jealous. Rilke, song of a cripple, somewhere a big dog barks.


Cinema Paradiso. Mimesis by Auerbach. 


Sep 20, 2024 Day 1
We’re Thomas Wang’s boring old men. Last day of RA training. On two Japanese Invasions of Korea. Investigate our recent Internal Logic Collapse. Northeastern sensibilities. Training over. Distributed posters through O-Aides. Have tomorrow to ourselves—get on some of the stuff we’ve been wanting to do. Prep second sliced bread email.


Li Bai was as far from home in Chang’an as LA is to New York
Third of May/Odaigahara.


Sep 19, 2024 Day 2
Counseling came to speak with us in the morning. All the psychologists were very soft spoken. Printed Sliced Bread flyers, soon to be in every house. Went bowling. Isabella. Dinner at Woodlawn. Hung out in the Reynolds Rec Room printing Sliced Bread materials. Alexandria, Casner RA, talked to us about anthropology, which sponsored a convo with Abbey from Rustandy. Braiding Sweetgrass. Everett Nole. 


Remember Pink Pony Club last Kuvia? We were on it before Chappell Roan was truly huge. 
Make Friends by Hiatus Kaiyote, on a recommendation from Soph. 


SB Guerilla Marketing: Willy Wonka Golden Tickets hidden behind flyers. 


Sep 18, 2024 Day 3
Picked up our new blazers. Low Top 77’ Vintage. Spent the morning at an RA resource fair. Kublai’s 519-72-3242. Intentional Conversations. Tried to ollie on Zayd’s board after lunch. Retrieved our encyclopedias from the lounge. Dnikemon in full swing. Went down to Woodlawn to eat. Siya, South RA, told us she had a good time in Application Development. Had a reckoning, dropped econometrics. Pored through course feedback for an hour. Registered for a 9 person seminar. Reread an excerpt from Coetzee’s Elizabeth Costello, which Licha had assigned us last winter. Kill the Whale. Midnight run.


Dug up old bones. Reread our rejection letter from Fundamentals. It was meant to be. What makes something strange was a fascinating question, but one that we could not have fully dedicated ourselves to. 


https://www.graphicarts.uchicago.edu/posters-flyers


Sep 17, 2024 Day 4
Grossly overslept. Relented and went to training. Tori from Memoryhouse texted. Ran into Ryan Kim with his POP group. Caught up with him about his gap year, met Sal, a second year in off-off, and Pari, a new first year in DNik. Via’d from Logan to 55th street, Alex from DNik was on our ride. Mausoleum of Obama. Siam Thai closed. Ate with Musa at Thai 55 instead. Mid-autumn, the moon was full. Stopped by Trader Joe’s for mock nutella and tuscan pane. Showered. Be like a child.


Sam Harris from the Center of Teaching and Learning reached out to us, said someone at the Dean’s Office had put forth our name. Everyone we come in contact with is asking to hear about our summer. Get to know Luria, Markovitz RA who biked from Chicago to Wyoming, stealth camping. Do cool stuff, make waves.


Today the full force of the UChicago black community rained down on Daniel Schmidt for his twitter tweet. He dominated the news cycle of our friends’ stories. It made us think DFW was right about how easy it is to be inflammatory (cf. Host). How do we make nuanced takes viral? Don’t just let social media hijack our worst impulses.


SB make our bread costume out of foam?
Bread on one side, giant qr code on the other.
Print out flyers for people to put in dorms. RAs are a whole distribution channel. 
Get a foreman grill. 


Put in a plan for doing interviews. Check out what Dorothy did. On the paths.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=Khhi_vaiDec


Sep 16, 2024 Day 5
Woke up at 8:00. Walked down to Woodlawn with Ugonna. First day of RA training. ID Trade. Shoshi emailed that we got our building manager job. Finished training. Went back to North and crashed. Sunset. Had dinner with Connor, talked neuralink bandwidth, theory of minds, DFW. Ran into Kavya at CVS. Talked to Oliver and Catalina at Target. Bought shampoo. Don’t go to training tomorrow—rest up and get plastic sleeves for our nat geo maps. Finally gained some headway on our load of laundry. The basement is buttery smooth on our board. r/productivity, r/automation. Swapped marketing management for intro to psych research methods. Leap of faith. The Prophet Veep An Null appeared to us in a dream.


Have a really good shower in an hour and sleep tight. 
Continue on our substack journey. Study Jonathan Bi, keep getting his reels on the great books.


Notes on a convo with Connor: Inner experience transmission and reception—it’s the problem of r/aphantasia. How do we communicate what we feel so that there is no loss in understanding? Is maximal efficient communication even possible? Infinite Jest’s Kate Gompert. Read DFW’s E Pluribus Unum. Qualia Research Institute


Writing bakes our half-baked ideas—Russell P Johnson. 
Slow down when we speak so that we may speak more coherently.
https://divinity.uchicago.edu/sightings/articles/chatgpt-letter-my-students


Oshima takes us out. He’s all exposition. And maybe it's a little too on the nose that he’s supposed to be a sort of Tiresias. Murakami is not subtle. 


Ed’s meeting agenda:
Catch up (no sliced bread stuff for the first half an hour)
Blueprint onboarding (so that everyone has access to info)
Set up tabling responsibilities (print flyers and stuff?)
Draft message to welcome club members back. 
Open mic (collab with memoryhouse)
Leave the book to Josie


Sep 15, 2024 Day 6
Ran into Raghav at lunch. Told him about our summer. Humanities signature courses. Energy banking. Hung out at IHouse. Played ping pong. RA meet and greets. Finished Shogun. What a show. Drafted an email to our Breaditors.


What’s our review of Shogun? It really was quite gripping. Toranaga was effortlessly cool. And Yabushige was by far our favourite character. The incessant seppuku becomes almost ridiculous at times, but the show does emotional weight so well. Because we’re shown so well what these characters have to die for. Not some abstract idea of honour, but vengeance, salvation, these very concrete causes. 


Sep 14, 2024 Day 7
Moved in. Took us two hours? There is an incessant ringing from our alarm clock. Settled down. Set up our capital one bank account. Paid our debts. Ordered a pair of Nike Blazers. Rebuilt the houvre playlist. Stayed up watching Shogun until 4 in the morning.


Do Cool Sh*t
Rugs and mirrors up for barter.


Sep 13, 2024 Day 8
Slept in. Watched Clerks. Visited Josie’s. Sliced bread plans underway. The Hum Lab. Clancy introduced us to Dan Wriggins’s rendition of Utah Phillips’ “I Think of You”, which is honestly very nice. Figure out stickers. Must build. Could not sleep. Went up. Watched Lost in Translation with Clancy until 2:00 in the morning. 


Hum Lab Media.


Sep 12, 2024 Day 9
Morning. Met with Shayna Beymer. Onions for breakfast. Had a good talk with Lincoln about impactful careers. The interests of consumers are worth protecting. Followed Lincoln and Clancy up to Thorndale. Dice Dojo’d. Stopped by a Thai supermarket, where Clancy sampled various drinks, including Korean ginseng. 7 Pho restaurants in a two block radius. They’re eating the pets. Back in Hyde Park. Skated over to Trader Joe’s for ground beef. Watched Der Untergang. 


On eating meat. It’s not that people are bad, ignorant or even selfish, it’s just really hard to think all the time.


Sep 11, 2024 Day 10
Went down to South to grab our things. Lugged them in carts back to Clancy’s. Recovered our skateboard. Called Crumbo outside the reg. Think bathhouses. Places to socialize without alcohol. Series of saunas and cold plunges in Nashville. Figured out Shabtai. Cool to be invited.


Sep 10, 2024 Day 11
Called Dad for an hour. Went back to sleep until noon. The first sin is sloth! Got out of bed. Hopped by Medici’s for some raisin bread. Settled in the A level for our building manager interview. Ran into Ann, Pascal, and Kat. There’s an abandoned playground on an island in Washington Park. Jewel-Oscoed and made pasta at Kat’s. First Via ride with Alfredo, who thinks we need a businessman. The first Friday of school will be horrible. Akiyama Toyohiro, fiirst Japanese man in space.


Leads for research.
Dr. Henly, psychology, how ways of speaking can lead to changes in thinking
Dr. Lai, cognitive science, speech processing
Dr. Garrido, sociology
Dr. James A. Evans, sociology, knowledge lab? Seems pretty cool
Dr. Nicholas Epley, booth, conversations with strangers.


Sep 9, 2024 Day 12
Last two shakers in Sabbathday Lake, ME. Settled in the reg. Sent Shoshi an email. Garlic spread dip was pretty decent. Tim from the tech bar set us up with an antivirus. Drafted and published our article on medium and substack. Called Aboo outside the reg. Swinging balls of light on the bart quad. Made dinner. Made tea. Talked with Clancy till 1:30 in the morning. The capillaries of civilization. 


好健康，好靚仔.
Aboo figured out how to screenshot.
講來講去都係 “handsome boy”.


The first sin is sloth, the second sin is lack of focus. We cannot languish. 
Do coverage with quad scholars.
The ring, the great dark, and proximity to god. 


Reconnect with James about trains. We enjoyed our month on the road. Came to respect writing as a way of recording for how unobtrusive it is, and how personal it can be.


Sep 8, 2024 Day 13
Rouge skies over Ohio. Back in Central Time. Chicago, concert in the Jackson Red Line station, Bears fans stream out at Roosevelt. Stopped at Clancy’s, who set us up with an air mattress in the basement. Dropped off our stuff. Walked to Trader Joes for some food. Tuscan pane and garlic dip. Ran into Geneva, who invited us to eat and talk in the Cloisters. Talked extended families, tribes of 50+ people. Geneva’s mom is starting a commune—just women and kids though. Stopped by the Robie house, signed up for a tour. Settled in the reg. Reconstructed our New York Days. Stopped by Jewel-Osco. Made dinner. Watched from Dusk till Dawn. Decided to sleep on the basement couch. Which was pretty comfy. 


Do Saul-esque stuns. 
Figure out how we study abroad in Edinburgh
Do research. 


Notes on Frank Lloyd Wright: Prairie school, organic architecture. What is a place without walls? Compressed ceilings communicate intimacy. Rooms flow into one another. Standing in the main room, looking out towards the prow, it’s like being at the helm of a ship. 


Human instrumentality project.


When couples argue with each other, it’s not about money or power or sex. What they’re really saying is you’re not enough people.


Sep 7, 2024 Day 14
Cleaned house. Took a lyft to union station. Slept on the train. Providence, RI. In Boston. The tunnel outside Back Bay. Real nostalgia for not having been here in years. Took the T from State to Chinatown. Pho with Zara, though only one bowl came and she really just watched us eat. Θαλασσα, Θαλασσα. Framingham. Worcester. Raining in Pittsfield. Took a good nap. An hour we have in Albany. Went to this little Korean cafe by the other side of the tracks, called son of egg. Upstairs an event space. The rain is sorta beautiful here. Apt. Got ourselves some dumplings and eggs. Read Vonnegut as we passed Schenectady. Finished if this isn’t nice, what is? Picked back up Kafka on the Shore. Murakami is really unabashed when it comes to espousing his philosophy. 


Black friday: get ourselves a new phone and stuff.
Human instrumentality project—one man’s vision of heaven—a mindmeld. 
We were raised by the great cynics.


Series of sushi train posters
入乡随俗.


Fugue. One time in the Bhaus basement, we freaked out over being cannibals. Daniel, Will and us. Said it was the deepest form of love. Not unlike the incest at the end of Arundhati Roy’s the God of Small Things.


Thomas: are the most interesting people in your econ classes? 


Sep 6, 2024 Day 15
We go to Boston tomorrow morning. Knock out SB stickers and prep work. Reconstruct New York entries. Shabtai Chicago? We’re invited to a professor's house. Become illustrious in the community. Scallops and congee. Watched the Prince of Egypt. Went down to grab some groceries. Pack so we’re ready to go first thing in the morning.


Good guys never get ink like bad guys do.
Kanye West came and took 70% of Shia Lebouf’s closet.


Archie, it’s good to see you.
Really it was tough to be around mom during COVID, she would get obsessive about wiping the countertops.


Sep 5, 2024 Day 16
Took the bus down to New Haven. Lunch with Clark, September in Bangkok. Remember eating with mom here. The low hanging ferns and fountain. Talked Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis. Picked up two shirts at the Salvation Army thrift store. Ray Troll’s Return of the Sockeye. Set up Sliced Bread Artist Features. Maybe we really ought to take a break from logging—it plays with our memory too much. Most of our classes this quarter are night classes? Sit in on photons to consciousness.


Secured a Tuesday spot for sliced bread artist features. Run media. @buildspace.
Research study. Follow 10 pairs of first years around. 20 kids. First Year, the TV show.  
Amaan Jahangir’s paintings.


We say we dangle between homelessness and greatness but we’re really too close to the former and not the latter.


Notes on our conversation with Clark: the question is can we construct dialects of creativity, innovation? Clark says that’s what McKinsey does. How do we test empirically the extent to which Sapir Whorf is true? Because in some sense it is a tautology: if we talk more about time the more we’re going to think about it. Clark recycled us to look into business negotiations as a particular form of conversation. Something we can engage both with. 


Nah homie you’re not dangerous, you’re just unemployable.


Sep 4, 2024 Day 17
Dangerously close to the start of school. Did laundry. Made congee. Prepared scallops. Seafood and butter. Cleaned house. Watched Breaking Bad. Went out for another 4 miler. Back on the highway. We feel good. Rainbow Kitten Surprise. All that and more. 


Sep 3, 2024 Day 18
Ernie’s dad let us back into our house. Went to bed. Said tonight we rest, tomorrow we get back to work. Not unlike Kerouac’s manana. Woke up around 9. Dizzy with not much in our stomach. Went out for a 4 miler. 


one month in, I have seen the redwoods and the rockies. I have travelled the length of the mississippi. minneapolis to new orleans. new york to san francisco. 8 nights on the train and half a dozen couches later, I’ve met 4 ecologists, 2 archeologists, the amish, hillbillies and suburbanites, the old and young. what’s this all about?
—
freshman year on the flight back from berkeley, isabelle lends me her copy of never let me go. a book I’ve been meaning to read since senior year. I start reading about these kids at an orphanage, and in the last half an hour of the flight, I flip to the back of the book. two characters stare out at a field of what used to be the orphanage.


hailsham. I stick my face against the glass and bawl my eyes out. this is the first time I’ve ever been homesick


—
at the end of last summer, I’m in shanghai. I have not seen my father in two years. we go to his place, and by the looks of it, he’s doing quite well for himself. 


there are shot glasses sitting on countertops.
a cigar collection in see through fridges


he takes out a box and we go up to the terrace, where he pours out a glass of whiskey and hands me a cigar. as I put it in my mouth, he weeps.
—
this month has been a massive nostalgia trip. there’s something funny about seeing old friends. they always look exactly the same as when you last left them. two years is a lot of time, but it all just disappears the moment one’s mouth opens.
—
2am in new york, turn the corner from washington square park, I’m sitting with arhon and thomas outside nyu’s faculty housing, which looks vaguely post-soviet. arhon talks about the ol’ bhaus basement and says isn’t it funny that he can’t seem to remember any specific conversation we had there. 


I think about what I miss and really it is this unabashed rawness that we used to have. here’s a zinger from thomas: “adults don’t lie less, they just learn to lie more substantively” 
—
this past february, brunch with a friend in bartlett as we mull over a new matchmaking service. the thesis: pair people up while giving them absolutely no info about each other. we were going to create serendipity.


two months out, we find 1k at a pitch competition and I secure a 20k scholarship. I say I’m staying in chicago this summer to build
—
forward two months, I’m pushing a cart of linens around the south basement. and I’m — stuck. I quit my job. I buy a train ticket.


—
I must have sounded so strange when I told will in sf that I’ve been consumed recently by the idea of becoming light. Really we’ve been thinking about the human instrumentality project. the question of connection presupposes we ask what is consciousness, what is the soul?


—
but then again, sitting in union station a kid comes up to me with soot covered hands and a fresh cut on his right cheek. he asks me for money to go back to shuresville, indiana. I ask him how much is a bus fare. he says 9 dollars and I pull out my last tenner to hand it to him. he says the bus fare is actually 12 dollars. now I don’t know whether to believe him but I have no cash left. 


another zinger from thomas: ”what if the problem is us?”
—
somewhere midori is calling to ask where I am now. 
I’m sorry I’m so bad at explaining, but really I’m just not quite sure




Sep 2, 2024 Day 19
Slept till 11:00. Went out to meet Grace for dumplings. Bug bites. Realized we lost our house keys. Nevertheless. Back on the Columbia campus. Hung around with Christina before taking the train back to New Haven. Called Chloe, who set us as her legacy contact. Walked to a Walgreens for water. Sat outside Branford for a few. Met Clark at a good nature market. He took us in. Spent the night in Davenport. Roommate Tor lent us a pillow, for which we were thankful. 


Breaking bad, s1 e6 46:39 clip that emote.


Sep 1, 2024 Day 21
Cleaner woke us up in the morning. Tired, huh. We had our laptop out, he must have assumed we were working. Brushed our teeth and grabbed our stuff. Ran into Arhon on our way out. Took the train down to Chinatown for some buns. Went up to Bryant Park to play some chess. Played Samantha from Westchester, then with Jager, an 87 year old Filipino man, who destroyed us. David, who we had met in NOLA, came to visit. Followed Andrew back to Columbia to meet with Kevin at the Ban Ban shop. Sat on the steps. Sunset. Pink wispy clouds. Alma Mater, grandeur. Kira, Grace. Walked Grace home to 106. Took the train downtown to see Thomas. Astor place. Ryan Xie, how would you respond to a bucket of sand? Picked Arhon up from the Palladium. Nanxiang dumplings, honeycomb ice cream from Van Leewuns. Back at Thomas’. Conversations: think jazz vs classical piano. You can’t rehearse a repertoire because a conversation is jazz. A vision for an NYU quad, elevated like the Azabudai hills, view of the Freedom tower. Feng shui as a very sophisticated interior design philosophy. We forget what it's like to listen to Thomas speak. Crash. 


Saw Jacqueline for the first time in two years headed into a liquor store. She had a cap on. We didn’t say Hi. 


Audrey Vanderslice and Alexander Knapp.


August 31, 2024 Day 22
Woke up in the early morning. Called Aboo for a little bit. Made congee and beef. Packed light. Went down to Union Station in the afternoon. Train stations are modern temples. Met Casper from Outokumpu on the N.E Regional, an MIT educated chemical engineer. Said he was headed to a chromium mine in rural Norway. Talked dark side and incentives for decarbonization. Arrived in New York at 5. Walked from Penn Station to Morningside Heights, cross Manhattan, from one end of Central Park to the other. MTA coursing under sewer panes, we heard its rattle. Skaters did ollies in front of the Museum of Natural History. Met up with Arhon with his friends. Saw Aya. Hung out in Cressida’s room (Carlton Arms) with a bunch of Columbia transfers. Subway down to the Bowery Room. Finished Consider the Lobster in a 24/7 deli that we sat at for a couple hours, watching people pass by outside the window. Skewers at a food truck. We had tendons. Hung out until early in the morning. Went back with Arhon to Slic. Slept on a couch in the common room. 


Metro Artists: Public Art Project.
Who's the coolest person you know?


Outokumpu is Finnish for Strange Hill. So named because the company’s first mine a hundred years ago was a piece of rock in a different colour than those around it.


Daniel taught us to read the footnotes. We were reading his piece on Metuchen when he stopped us. “If you don’t know Ciardi, Greitzer, and Wilkins Freeman, look them up”. Changed how we read forever. Have to have the curiosity, or perhaps discipline, to not gloss things over.


Hailsham, of course it's very well still standing here. But you never step in the same river twice, right? 


August 30, 2024 Day 23
Arrived in New Haven at 7:00. Took the bus home. Crashed. Absolutely knocked out. 7 wonders of the midwest. Consolidate travel plans. Made cola wings for dinner. Showered and slept. Man, we're tired. Bang out a cool cat. 


Think coat check/thrift store. 
Maya said our spirit animal is a gopher. To be scientific, one should start by asking “am I predator or prey?”


August 29, 2024 Day 24
Ran into Bianca Lee on our way to Georgetown. Kei Sakano showed us a coffee shop. He’s flying out to Kazakhstan tonight. Stopped by Trader Joes for green tea mochis and dumplings. Watched a little bit of Pearl, then John Oliver. Xorp the Alien baby. Bid Maya farewell. Storm brewing outside. Called Mom. Apple pie at Whole Foods. Pigeons in the train station. An hour delay. Aboard the Northeast Regional. Not really sleeping—passed Philly, Metuchen, Newark. Penn station at three in the morning. Train emptied out. Stopped two hours in the city. 


NYT Op-docs: Sean Wang’s H.A.G.S.
Go to zingers.
When did we become UChicago’s RNC rep.


Box of Rain from The Importance of Being Iceland was a “travel” article that irked us severely. Just weird to make sleeping on the streets aesthetic.


The Eastern trains are much less spacious. 


Going back home to shower and get some good sleep for a couple days. Work on sliced bread stuff. Articles on social media, what we’ve learned. Work on an app if we can. Call Kermath, Grace, Gretl. Cut our hair—we’re looking a little homeless.


August 28, 2024 Day 25
Met Ms. Rose at Whole Foods, who showed us pictures of her pomeranian Toby—a little white dog. Her grandkids are “covid babies”. The Tearsmith. We make too many excuses for Italians. Lara and Maya made dinner. Went out to meet Luques and Georgie at Taichi Boba. Saw Jacqueline’s room. Anne Chen. Just a mile between Georgetown and GW. Facetimed Arhon on our walk back and Aya from D-Nik picked up. Watched Five Feet Apart with Maya. Wharf-dog. Stayed up till 4 talking about gratitude.


Two more years of the superpower that is being a college student. Get people to help us.
Squad drafted for the battle bus.


“Not enough people take responsibility for their loneliness.”


Song: Ways to Go by Grouplove.


August 27, 2024 Day 26
Met Einmon going into her third year at UVA. Just got her hot yoga teaching certification—we talked about Tibetan singing bowls. Arrived in DC in the afternoon. Took the metro to Foggy Bottom. Sat in a Whole Foods near GW. Lara and Maya. Nhan Phan called up everyone. Sensei Wu. Saw Willmo, saw Hayden. Sat down at Eppis. Exercises in nostalgia. 


August 26, 2024 Day 27
Sweltering heat. Out of New Orleans. Day on the train. Lake Pontchartrain. Crossed most of the South, though we just slept and watched TV. Swamp and forest. Met Felicia from Liberia. Turned our laptop screen so we could watch Into the Badlands together. Brief stop in Atlanta. Walked out on the platform. Half a dozen DEA agents searched a man’s bag. 


August 25, 2024 Day 28
Grabbed breakfast. Did laundry in the morning. Lafayette Cemetery Number 1. Oak tree roots crack up the pavement. Paid Finn a visit at work. The Rink. Franny and Zoey, Young Mungo. Sweet humidity. Feasted at a fiery crab. Could use boiled seafood and butter any day. Slipped into a mini food coma. Get some groceries before we go tomorrow. 


Robert Lopez took no classes for law or medicine so that he’d have to make a living writing musicals.


August 24, 2024 Day 29
Woke up around 9:00. Walked over to Cafe du Monde. Green and white. Met Kelli. Beignets, 油炸鬼. Coffee with chicory. Octavia Spencer made a cameo. Jackson park. Spotted the decks of two skaters, Kevin and Trayvon, who did ollies for us. Said bye to Kelli. Napped. Dylan picked us up from our hostel. Po’ boys and Gumbo at Salvo’s Seafood. Iced tea. Waffle house lore on drive back. Dylan dropped us off at Audubon Park. Towering oak trees and birds—swans, geese, egrets. Walked north along the lagoon, met Diego taking pictures on his fujifilm. Idled.
Met some freshmen from Tulane on the streetcar. Todor from Bulgaria. Wooden benches, windows down. Cleaned up. Napped. Made the last of our noodles. Snacked on some bread. Midnight brother’s chicken. They do make chicken good here. Walked up and down Bourbon street. Moroccan mint. 


Ithaka on Thomas Wang’s wall. 


Observe tombstone epitaphs for what matters most to people. “Brother, son, father, friend” we distill ourselves down to our closest relationships. 


August 23, 2024 Day 30
Overnight train. Memphis in the early morning. Yazoo, then Jackson, Mississippi. New Orleans. Sleep mask made our vision blurry. Willie’s Chicken Shack. Fuck that’s good (care not what the critics say). Called Vanessa. Crashed and slept. Flatland the Film. Cup of hot tea, place to work. Dylan invited us over to the Boot. Took the 57 to Tulane. Tulane Bar Crawl. Dylan’s roommate Maya told stories. Slug house. Lyfted back. “While you’re young, work, save, invest, and live it up”, our driver said to us. Slept at 2:00.


Our introduction to New Orleans was 26 women in black shirts that said “all aboard and let the good times roll” in Mardi Gras colours (with a fleur-de-lys for the O). They were yelling when the train pulled into the station with an energy earnestly infectious. Talked to one of them, and learned that they were high school friends, cousins, brothers and sisters that still live within a 2 hour radius of each other in Mississippi. 


“My kind of life went from impossible to possible, from possible to real. From real to almost ordinary in just half a lifetime.” Pete Buttigieg.


August 22, 2024 Day 31
Slept in. Nice shower. Stopped by Medici. Grabbed our stuff from Cobb. Reg, Ex Lib, Kofi heated up a chocolate croissant for us. Returned shirts to Moran. A bike cannibalized on the sidewalk. Went out to grab supplies at Trader Joes. Walked back and napped in the A level. We are tired as hell. Union station again. Downed the Mango Kefir. Ran into a bunch of UIUC kids headed back to school. City of New Orleans. Wrote arts blurb. Got to know Norman, headed down to Jackson for a funeral. Talked photography, running, and diets. He loved Roy Ayers. 


Pedro Paramo. 
Here we go. 


Kid came up to us and asked us ten dollars for a bus fare back to Shuresville, Indiana. Fresh cut on his right cheek and soot covered hands. Didn’t know whether to believe him. Or if it matters. 


August 21, 2024 Day 32
319. Woke up. Got dressed. Stopped by the IOP. Took the metra up to McCormick Place. NDI. 4 Tiramisus. Three women from Tibet, Senegal, Haiti. Votefest. Kimani intro’d us to Alan Cui from Nobles. Manned the backdoor with Trey. Shook hands with Brandon Johnson and Pete Buttigieg. Two compliments on our frog and toad shirt. Purvi got us into the DNC. United Center. Electrifying to be in that room, like one organism. Truly a religious experience. Wes Moore of Maryland. Saw some future presidents. Coach Walz. Gabriel let us crash with him at the Cloisters. 


Tim Walz and Up, Simba. 
From the redwoods to the Mississippi, just where we’re about to go. 


Something about Plasma HD, the characters on the big screen really do seem free-floating the longer you stare. 


August 20, 2024 Day 33
Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois. Sat down with Freeks, from the northern parts of the Netherlands. He’s working on a farm/homestead near Burlington, VT, and taking the train back after a cross-country trip visiting Frisco and joining a group of Germans on a road trip down to the Grand Canyon. Talked cycling, ecology, greenspace, forestry. He makes a living planting trees as an independent contractor. Says he grew up listening to Emmylou Harris, Linda Ronstadt, Dolly Parton, the trio. “Can’t beat that”. At Naperville. Seers, we’re back in Chicago. Showed Frits around a little. Took the 4 back to Hyde Park. Moran gave us two dress shirts. Grabbed oat milk and apricots from Walgreens. Hotel Cobb. Texted Nhan. Posted Writing and Time Travel.


Steinbeck. 
Geert mak How God Disappeared from Gorwert


August 19, 2024 Day 34
Woke up to Salt Lake. Salt crusted. Saw some deer in the rugged landscape. Drafted another Linkedin Post. Kim and Wayne from the south coast of England. Near Poole. Say they like to take a pair of nude gnomes on vacation with them. Nice people. Colorado Mesas. Green River, UT. Cows so close. First mooners. Fresh air stop at Ramirez, CO. Right at sunset. Golden clouds. California Zephyr views are kind of unbeatable. Into the world famous lava tunnel, 2 miles long of dark. Approaching Denver, lights in the distance. Texted Maya. Tall hotels and glass windows. Spent 10 minutes in Denver. Walked out onto a street outside the station. 


Conductor at Glenwood Springs. This is the bermuda triangle of the Amtrak, we lose someone here every week to the smoke stop. 


August 18, 2024 Day 35
Set out from the hostel at 6. Caught a bus to Emeryville. Our train was much delayed. We’re a damn sad fella, cried on the train out of Frisco. Ian, ecologist, riparian, wetlands. Many got off at Reno. Read On the Road. Helped out an old marine headed to the VA office in Salt Lake. We’re a dangerous kind of idealist. Texted Clara. Read Consider the Lobster. In the early morning we’re projected to cross the Utah desert. Night, no stars, streetlights.


“Mike Canine.” Sal Paradise.


It had been two years since I last saw Will Park, which coincidentally, was the same amount of time for which I had not seen my father.


All you can do on a train is think. Like what am I even doing here? Do we listen to other people’s music to approximate headspace? Consider the Lobster: the real problem is we don’t think—DFW is so naive in thinking we think that it hurts. We’re just inhuman sometimes like that. Kill the whale!


Song: Piazza, New York Catcher by Belle and Sebastian


August 17, 2024 Day 36
A month out from school. Slow day, packed up our stuff. A little breather. Follow Will Park on spotify. Sat in Union Park. Grabbed a chair for an old Asian couple with their dog QQ, a black pug who sniffed our fingers and rolled around belly up. “He likes to show off”. Sunshower as we typed this out. Went back to the hostel to make noodles. Met Eden from Australia, who also takes pictures. Took the F streetcar to meet Annalisa at the Musee Mecanique. Foggy and now a light mist, like out of one of those very fine sprinklers at a summer garden. Sat down, talked, and had a vanilla steamer at some cafe. Told Annalisa about Siddartha summer. Will Park picked us up from Walgreens. Beach digging, fire building. Clark called Clara, and watched us dig the pit. Sebastian, Alexis, Chloe, Ben, Kavya, Will Park, Clara, and Annalisa. Sunset over the ocean “just as it's supposed to be.” which is weird because no one’s ever seen that. Three California teens in the car.


About the bone broth, and yoga, and the cafe, and David who went to Japan to study bone broth for three years. And this interconnected web. If this isn’t nice, what is. 


Anya Taylor Joy. End scene of Emma, I think about that all the time. 


“David gave me recs for wine because he heard I was going to Sonoma county, I had no heart to tell him that I was 18 and did not drink”


Overheard: “It’s just a second, Holden”
“When you’re thirty five and you have these pictures, you will be so happy”


August 16, 2024 Day 37
Will Park picked us up in the morning. Salito’s in Marin County. Soft shell crab. JD Vance and friends. Drove through the mountains, winding. Brought up De Profundis, haven’t thought about that in years. Parked 2 miles from Muir Woods. Hiked. Talked Plato—noesis. Story of our fathers: Thomas Wang. Felix chap from Australia, gave us free tickets into Muir woods. Junior Park Rangered. Muir beach. Dragged seaweeds around, Will said “I’m walking my dog”. Absolutely spent, sunburnt too. Slept in the car. Here We Go by Mac Miller. Called Arhon from Ohana Hawaiian BBQ in Marin. Will Park drove us back. Windows down, arm out the window, San Francisco, view of the bridge. Scary climbs, 8 turns down Lombard Street. Called dad. Want to make SB really good now. Merch design. Distribution networks. We’re just full-on experiencing these couple of days, putting down little notes here and there to reconstruct. 


Joel from Saarsburg, Germany, is visiting his cousins in Concord, CA. One of his cousins is half Brazilian (on his mom’s side), and the other is a really good French speaker. Says California is the first stop on his world tour. Spent his 25th birthday on top of Mount Diablo, showed us pictures of the sunrise. Said it was his best birthday ever. We asked him how to say awesome in German—it’s toll. 


Shaun from Denver is a teacher, just came from the California Zephyr, 5 hours delayed. Said he sat next to a woman on the train coming back from the trial of his nephew’s killer in Reno. She went to look the killer in the eyes for his sister, because she couldn’t. 


“The problem of the tortured artist is, as we said to Will and Rishi, that they suage our conscience. So that we change nothing about how we live or how we treat each other. They are that perfect representation of the idealist—so pure a rejection of the world around them that we take them as ikons. So we say to each other we like Van Gogh (the genius in him no one understood) or read David Foster Wallace and just go about our lives. 


Will Park told us that, at least in high school, we seemed most wanting to become a martyr out of anyone he knew. We thought this was true, but ironic that we really believed in nothing back then. He said, alluding to Moby Dick for the second time that day, that what people don’t get is that everyone needs a white whale. Most people never have something like that. Remi Boncoeur”


Something about smoking in Indonesia being a unit of time? The Fault in Our Stars. You take the power away from it. No fault in carrying cigarettes.


#thehousebehindthechurch.


August 15, 2024 Day 38
Breakfast. Strawberry butter toast. Adam from Australia got us to go on a walking tour. Golden Gate park with Chanel. A couple from Jersey. And a girl from Alberta. It’s a storied city. If you’re going to San Francisco, be sure to wear some flowers in your hair. Dahlias. Mr. Chow from Sha Tin, 22 years in the park, started talking about “hostages(?)”, was in special forces, it was a “no tomorrow” job. Back to the hostel for a quick break before we walked cross-town to Haight Ashbury. Picked up a 70s/80s electric hotpot from a goodwill (so we think by the packaging and something called Gerber Oatmeal?). Thought about getting a kid scooter. Sheltered in the Haight Public Library. Buena Vista Park. 2 dogs. 6 miles around the city. Went by Castro and Twin Peaks before taking a tram down Market Street. Length of the city. Friends from New York. San Francisco is a kind of utopia—or at least an attempt at it. Past and present, Trolley cars—awfully reminiscent of our native Hong Kong. Dinner with Bango brothers and Bai in Chinatown. Had noodles. Forgot how much we missed XC. Waymos with the revolving sensors. Ice cream from an insomnia cookies. We said our interests are very epicurean, prompted to explain, we said it’s like we love gardening but there's no actual garden. Gabe said he’s epicurious. Took the muni one stop to our hostel. They have Cantonese in the subway here!


Back home, DNC cops living in Woodlawn?
Allen Ginsberg was a photographer. 
Get orange sunglasses. 


History of Golden Gate Park. Land used to be sand dunes. They piled on manure from which the trees grew. McLaren, what a man. Planted trees to obscure statues, tore up the World Fair. Nature goat.


Felt something when we stood on that hill where thousands of young people had come in the summer of 67. In the backdrop of the Vietnam War, 2 million of your buddies being drafted to die in some jungle. And the president had just gotten shot four years ago. So you take the train out west to where the sun sets over the ocean—something no one had ever seen before. 


And blue tickets. Gay men dishonorably discharged and dropped off with the closest port, many ending up in San Francisco. Ticket to their name, they could do nothing but build a home here. One of them was Harvey Milk. 


Gabe: “Sometimes you really try to be friends with the first people you meet in college because they’re close to you, seem cool and popular. Then you quickly realize that they’re not your people and go out to find belonging among another group of friends (a group you may not have been initially drawn to).”


Walking around Corona Heights, up this random park. The flowers. And it all just sloughs off. Saint Francis of Assisi, nothing of prestige, really. And round the hill, Sutro Towers like the trident of Poseidon. We have come from flatland—home of a people that know nothing of the sea, and now we are here. 


August 14, 2024 Day 39
Sleep last night was a little rough. Woke up in Sacramento. Above the bay. Will Park’s up. Wrapped around the water. Said bye to Margot. Will Park picked us up in his Gray Nissan Altima. Breakfast in Pacific Heights, Sweet Maple. Talked magazines. Hung out in Golden Gate park. It’s building a tribe—Sliced Bread is a short term realization of amigo. Regained confidence about our project. Ran into buildspace people. Hung out on Ocean Beach. Indonesian smoking cartridge. Touched the pacific—ran into the pacific. Tasted the salt and said thalassa, thalassa. Little wet. Will Park showed us his favourite taqueria in the city. Showered. Sent back our DNC confidentiality agreement. Got all of our classes for fall. Went out to meet with Bango and his brother Gabe. 7 miles. Up Kearney, then Columbus, then all the way along the water past cressy field to the Golden Gate Bridge. View of the city. Pink fog coming over the pacific: that’s the edge of the world. Sun is down, freezing cold. Old driver drove us back. We’re in love with this city. Said we will one day live here. Made noodles for dinner in the hostel. Met Adam from Sydney and Giovanni from Rome. 


Did not expect to get sunburnt in San Francisco. 


Will Park showed us some of his 11mm photography in Indonesia. So wide it draws you in. As they say, if the picture isn't good it's because you’re not close enough. 


Here are tribes—runners, skaters, Muslims, the ummah. 


August 13, 2024 Day 40
Woke up at 8:00. Became a member of HI hostels. Booked a couple nights in Tenderloin. Nick still asleep. Nick’s dad fed us breakfast, toast and carved tofu. Went out to run in Fanno Creek. Nick’s dad was on a bike, he really pushed us—went sub-7 for two miles? Solid 6-miler in fresh air: good practice for tomorrow with Bango. Showered and got our things together. Nick’s dad took us to see the Nike campus. Told him about the sub-3 documentary we saw about Kipchoge. Started remembering all these stories about ourselves around Fay and Exeter—our first year in the states, how we were bigger than all the kids in JV soccer, the Lost Sanity email we sent, and how we would climb in our room in Browning through the window much of lower year. Stopped by a Banh Mi place for lunch, packed one for the road. Visited Powell Books with Nick. Place is a maze! Stereotypically Pacific Northwest. Cards with cats with puffy eyes from K. Karlson at paper puffin. Slug mug @owlandbearstudios. Bought a fridge magnet. Cut it really close with the train. Nick dropped us off there at 2:00. Had interesting convos right at the gate. There’s Sybil, who just published her first book at 70, Poetry and Art, on Amazon, and Michael, an electric historian going down to visit a hydroelectric plant, complete with dig tools and all. Our neighbor, Margot from Brest, Brittany is an illustrator for a publishing house. @margot_fdl. Train views: haven’t been noting the views. Thought we passed a field of wombats—too small to be sheep. Short stop in Eugene, OR. Coming up at the Coast Range. Think the scenery along this route is much the same. Going up a tall stretch. Hung out at the observation car for a bit with Sybil. Two guys from San Diego who’d just come back from Kanchuga(?), Alaska. Art from Detroit has walked the length of the continent, 35 states, 113 places, lives now in a trailer on 7 acres of land in New Mexico that he rents for 25 dollars a month. Bobbie from Princeton teaches Modern Authoritarianism, went to Swarthmore, visiting friends just like us. 


Just three days ago we were in Chicago. See Red Woods, Muir Woods. Monkey wrench gang. 


"A real leader can somehow get us to do certain things that deep down we think are good and want to be able to do but usually can’t get ourselves to do on our own” from Up, Simba. DFW McCain coverage from rolling stone.


August 12, 2024 Day 41
Morning, sun in the cabin. Pasco, WA. The trees look different here. We’re much closer to civilization. Straddling the border between Washington and Oregon. Basalt cliffs like sets of teeth sticking out of the ground. Little nap. Wishram, WA. Passed through the cascades. Mount Hood in the distance. Met a Pierre from the tri-cities, going to Portland for the funeral of an old family friend. Talked anarchy, film cameras, and urban loneliness. Texted Nick at Vancouver, and before we knew it we were in Portland. Said bye to Rakesh. Nick picked us up and drove us to Beaverton. Portland’s Suburbs. Uwajimaya, Asian grocers. Had ramen. Picked up a little rice snack. Dropped our stuff off at Nick’s. Met Nick’s mom. Shuffled off to the pickleball courts. Met Nick’s dad. Played a game. 4.0 ranking is not something to mess around with—got absolutely squashed. Out in the town with Nick. Portland Tram, OSHU, walked along the waterfront. Said to a lady: you know who the regulars are (by the way they’re unfazed at the rocking of the tram) Blueberry like bushes? Many dog-walkers, we’re in a slow part of town. Later in the afternoon—Nick’s dad took us for a proper tour. Rose garden, “lemon fizz”. Pittock mansion, view of Portland. The mountains have no end. Stopped by the Oregon Badminton Academy. Watched Nick play. The intensity of that room. Went back to Nick’s and showered. That felt good. Had dinner and a very good sleep. Uploaded our pictures. 


I. Met Pierre in the observer car who let us sit down with him for a better view of Mt. Hood. He wore a mask, and had with him a Minolta GM-2 and a gallon hydro flask from Dr. Hydro. We talked about his camera, and asked where he was going—to which he said a funeral. An old family friend had passed away who fought in Germany in the 60s. Pierre’s hoping to photograph the funeral with a Leica 3 that he had left him. 
II. Pierre’s an anarchist advocate—asked him how he got into it. He talked about difficulties with claiming disabilities and uncompassionate bureaucracy. Recced us: Seeing like a State by James C Scott, Anarchism and the Black Revolution, and Anarchy Works by Peter Gilberly. Hyper Localized governance seems to be what it's about. Asked him what he saw as viable alternatives to money, and he mentioned time banking, practiced in Japan, Burlington, Vermont, and Plumas, California. Using time coins as a labour based currency for fulfilling people’s social needs. Pierre had volunteered at one point to renovate an office for Street Rats, a Portland newspaper for the homeless. 
III. Told Pierre about our trip across the country and our project. Her recced us: The Americans by Robert Frank and Uncommon Places by Steven Shore. Both collections of Americana. While the Americans is in black and white and rough around the edges, Uncommon Places has polished pictures of funny shops and parking lots around the country. 


Episode at the Oregon’s Badminton Academy:
Enter the ramp at the back of the warehouse into the Oregon Badminton Academy. Green rubber mats, shuttlecocks passing vigorously between racquets. There’s a new player on the block. Steven, U19, going to Virginia Tech as a freshman next fall. A parent behind me says he looks like he’s twenty five. Tall, strong, muscles. The badminton circle is a small one—mostly Asians, Chinese and Indian. Here, Austin, white guy in a purple shirt, orange shorts, Deep, a smaller Indian guy, and Green Jersey and Knee Brace gather around to talk. Did you hear about the Dutch Machine? He’s 6’5’’, came in here a week ago and beat everybody. “One of the toughest matches I’ve had.” Deep says. Nick thinks he’s played him—but it must have been someone else, because the Dutch Machine is thirty. A boy walks off the court with a broken racquet—that seems to happen every two seconds here. But the real talk tonight is Nick playing Steven—to which a small crowd has gathered to watch. Austin (aforementioned purple shirt) offers commentary: you see what Nicky does is he preempts it, just lets his racquet hover for a few moments before hitting it. He listens and sees what Steve does. But Nick says he thinks nothing at all when he plays. The first match comes to a 21-5, by the end of the second match, Steven’s on the ground. Consult DFW’s How Tracy Austin Broke My Heart. 


August 11, 2024 Day 42
Night, we pass through much of Minnesota and wake up to the plains. Could see for miles up to the horizon. Tinges of dawn before sunrise. A fine mist covers the ground. Cows, sheep, horses and all manners of livestock. Short stop in Minot, ND. Freight trains. Some scattered oil rigs. Slowly we exit flatland to badlands, layers of coloured sediment. Fort Peck Indian Reservation. Montana. The expanse. Had more bread. Called Kelli downstairs. Talked trainspotting. Sarah, Josh, Robbie, and Bobbie shared cinnamon knots and cookies with us. 21 miles of visibility. Maybe we can see Canada from here. 100 miles from Glacier National Parks. Got ourselves a hot chocolate. Thunderstorms in the distance. The sky opened up. Rockies in full view. Glacier National Park. Much more green, though the sun start to set. Met Burt, Theresa and Kelley from North Carolina. Talked food and beverages. Kelley works for Checkers and Rally, Theresa for Pepsi, and Burt with ATM security. Josh and Bobbie left at White Fish, ran back to say bye but they had left! We’ll see them in Chicago sometime. 


Take note of vegetation. Forests to reeds to grass to shrubs.
“You could lose your dog for a week in North Dakota and still see it”


Devil’s Tower, Wyoming. So named because of a story with a momma bear and her cub. An imprint in the rock formation like the digits of the claw. Encounters of the Third Kind. 


Thought about how we’re visiting Will Park after a while. And people from high school that we saw this summer—Noah and Seth. Of all the many life-paths here we are out in the American West. 


The bellybutton of Illinois. Between Peoria and Bloomingdale. Mackinaw (?) Think that’s where Josh and Bobbie are from. They spoke about a farm fire. Waiting for the firemen to come. The barn. Controlled burning?


Song: Higgins Hall by Joshua Allen (who we met on the train!)


August 10, 2024 Day 43
Packed up our stuff. Everything seems to fit. Decent bit of camera gear. Took the green into the city. Marvin with the green tote likes to surf around (as we do). Picked up supplies at Trader Joes, then an eye mask from Target. Tobias from Carbondale, an Amish teen, has traveled upwards of 50-60,000 miles on the amtrak. Boarded the empire builder. It’s pretty spacious. The quickly vanishing past. Thought we lost our earphones and panicked. No wifi on our train. Many amish. Women, kapp and dresses, men, bowl-cut and suspenders. Met Bobby and Robbie (and Josh and Sarah), a family headed to hike in Glacier National Park. Spent the afternoon just looking out of the window. Asked for some hot water from the cafe car. Along the Mississippi.. Short stop at Winona, MN. Felt good to get fresh air. Listened to some Lumineers. Short stop in Minneapolis. Rendezvous with Kimba and Rakesh from Madison, WI.


Things we’ve realized about traveling: Limb coverage is essential. Worth getting the bigger blanket. Pack light. Snack run. Immersion water heater? 


Amtrak specific learnings. Get out and stretch. Need water. Change outfits to maintain day-night division. Get clean wipes to wipe ourselves down.


Had spent a summer in one place and was desirous of some change. Went back home for a little, to Philly to visit our sister, and picked up a copy of On the Road…


Turn west from Milwaukee, we pass through farmland. Cornfields wide and pure. A red barn once in a while. And then just more corn. Columbus WI… An hour out and there is no more memory of the city. Then swampland. Lotus pads by the trackside. Patches of purple flowers. Really you want to look out the window all the time. Saw the Mississippi for the first time and it felt significant. The water, so wide and so slow. It’s just there—Amish teens at the back of the observer car take turns with their digicams. Think one of them snuck a picture of us. 


August 9, 2024 Day 44
Chipotle with Seth. Hung out in Maggie Daley park. Paradise for kids. Think we’ll bring our board with us to Portland and SF. Stopped by Chinatown. Back of the Yards. View out of the 47 bus window: shipping crates stacked sky high. Got a shirt and a pair of jeans. Had flan from a local supermarket. They don’t get many non-locals here. Yari. Walked past Elijah Muhammad’s house on the way home. Yacub’s third son. Fixed our shoes with superglue. Made ourselves dinner. Slept. Packed everything to go. Born slippy. Took a lyft back to South. Julianna let us in. Did laundry. We subsist on the generosity of strangers. Saw Josie. Test slept on chairs. An eye mask may be essential. Cameron came in clutch. Pack early tomorrow. Trader Joe’s food run. Start budgeting—we’ve been making major expenses these past two weeks. Charged our camera.


Under the Bean with Seth and appreciated how the curved surface echoes as it slopes upwards—so that images of you layer in concentric rings like angels do in chapel dome frescos. 


Shave and look clean.


Notes on Trainspotting: What people don’t understand about heroin addicts is that they work hard to create a reason to live. As Renton tells us at the very start of the movie, “what people don’t get is the pleasure”. / Really, what’s masterful about the film is that it manages to make the sad exceedingly hopeful. The opening and closing lines are verbatim, and yet our experience of them are utterly different. I.e the material-external conditions of our lives need not change!/ What a film!


August 8, 2024 Day 43
Slept in. Made pasta for lunch. Took the L up to Western in Bucktown. Checked out the local village discount. Found a nice bike bell, though we did not end up getting it. Skate bell? Entered the 606 via a ramp on Milwaukee Ave. Skated down its west end and back. So many runners, bikers, and dads towing their children in little carriages. Had an Italian Ice from Ava’s made with real peach. Took the train to Clark/Lake, then cruised through much of downtown to Harold Washington Library. Building with the gargoyles. Let a Ukrainian woman, Anna, take a picture of us with her film camera. Her friend Yulia was in town visiting her brother. Square or a half pack—people peddled wares as usual on the red line. Met Tyler at Ken Kee in Chinatown. Talked emergent properties, as in wheels, pedals, and handlebars don’t by themselves make a bike, because the sum is not just a collection of its parts, as well as feeling that we have to have stuff figured out when we don’t. Tyler drove us home to 54th and Woodlawn. Made a Trader Joe's trip with Ana Emilia. Talked about getting paid to do nothing, cooking, and about our upcoming trip across the continental United States. Had chocolate covered frozen bananas. Do pushups and shower.


NEVER FORGET ABOUT OUR DISTRIBUTION NETWORKS. 
Make use of socials. Jeff Lind kind of Energy. 
Asked people their favourite memories of O-Week. Inform quest.io.
Dunning Kruger. 
Watch Juno. Go see the redwoods.


Plan for tomorrow: wake. Make breakfast. pack up everything we have. Write as much of our medium article as we can before 9:50. At 9:50 go downtown to meet with Seth. Hang out with Seth. Buy shoes from Vans. Stop by chinatown to buy trinkets. Get home and publish our medium article + load up on food for Exit Day. 


August 7, 2024 Day 44
Called Aboo. Cleaned dishes. Rebooked train tickets, so now we’re just headed to Portland. Went down to the A level. Spent a couple hours trying to make VS Code work. We’re out of our depth. Caught up with Shiloh. She’s been working with the Alumni magazine. Dropped by Trader Joes. Made bolognese giglis. Had them with Luke. Slept. Did pushups. 35 in one go. Tomorrow we will go farther. Kirk Crippens’ Portraitlandia. Subwaydle for Chicago? Chicago Roller Skate Co. Federal Plaza.


Skate the 606 tomorrow. Then, village discount. Dinner at Chinatown (Ken Kee with Tyler).
“To traverse is to gain a new appreciation for physical spaces” 
https://youtube.com/watch?v=TjthNB4WDyU


Oregon plans: Powell Books. Voodoo Donut.
We’re going to take such good photos.


August 6, 2024 Day 45
Woke up early in the morning. Took the green line to Ashland for a conference on chemicals. Many people from the Bay. F11 and be there. Felt pretty dizzy (maybe lack of water, maybe lack of sleep). Went back home. L1 Arts Accelerator. Hit the couch and crashed. Skated down to South. Dinner with Bertie at Medici. Called Bai. House to ourselves kind of sitch. Badlands, South Dakota.


Here’s something we’ve been thinking about for a while now—does the evil lie in money being a bad representation of value? or does the evil lie in our misplaced values as a society? 


August 5, 2024 Day 46
Heard thunder and slept in. Had breakfast with Luke. Earl Gray. Skated to the reg. JaQ Lai evolution. “Quest.io”, because Luke reminded us that we have to hit o-week hard. Aryan gave us some pointers. Filled out the room lottery for Sliced Bread. Settled in front of Levi. Could hear the wind through our headphone wires. Hung out with Moran. Plans for the Minnesota State Fair? Did some pretty smooth carving on the paths. Ran into Oliver Drazky. Went back home. and cleaned up. Met Clancy at Trader Joes. Picked up some carne asada and salmon. Went to his house and fired up the grill. Graydon and Ian from the UChicago Space Program. Tomato Spanish Rice. 24 hours of lemons. Rishi told us about the writer’s residence in San Francisco. Rode in Rishi’s convertible to a lot on 61st. No trains in Trainspotting. The cinematography though. It’s an adult Ferris Bueller. Called Nick. Dreams of Portland. Caught him up with everything we’ve been on—steaks and the like.


The world is made with time and uncertainty, and some have the gift of prophecy. Think meteorologists, or Saverin in the Social Network, who made 80k off storm forecasting one summer. The premium is given to those with foresight. Financial projections to trends, it takes a visionary to see how we’ll live in 10 years. 


August 4, 2024 Day 47
Called dad. Got dressed. Went by Hyde Park Produce for some food. Made guac sandwiches in the Hutch courtyard. Moved to True North for some AC and a drink. They’re playing Hot to Go in here. Set up couchsurfing. Blink-182 is sick. Left for West Town at 3:00. Struck up a conversation with a man at the bus stop. Took the red then the blue. Dodecahedron off Willard and Milwaukee. Picked up skateboard from Neil Makhija, UChicago, class of ‘20 (then Booth). Neil gave us his contact via Blinq. Planned on bussing to Oak Street Beach for our CS meetup, but ended up skating all the way. 2 miles in North Chicago. Felt really good to be on the streets like that. Met up with David and his wife Rivkah at the OSB, as well as Lauren from Kazakhstan. Shared stories, including how Laura once got jailed in Turkmenistan for smoking. Cruised along the lakefront to Maggie Daley park. Idyllic. En route two boys—skaters—from Iowa stopped us for a chat. We’re part of a WWC (World Wide Community) now. Met Alex F at the cancer pavilion. Walked down and moochapalooza’d. Many people gathered to see the fireworks show. 1 Ferris Bueller coded “because life can pass you fast.” A packed 6 bus for our commute back. Sniped Audrey with her friend. Texted back and forth. Stopped by Walgreens with them. Got home and showered. 


Doctors said you can lose 70% of your lungs and still run a marathon. You won’t come in first place but you know what I mean…


Rethink amigo. If our root problem is 2-way verification of willingness to engage, the organic solution is a simple signifier. Something like a patch to show that wearers are members of the same family. Reattachable, discrete, easily replicable. 


Until death all defeat is psychological.


$500 for 9 nights puts us at around 50 a night. Pack sandwiches and water. 
Our sugar tolerance is shot. Need to sugar detox. 


August 3, 2024 Day 48
Shamefully slept in. Packed and showered. Bit the bullet—got our Amtrak multi rail pass. Ordered train tickets. Went to Luke’s. Filmed part II of date. Met Don from Racer Clarence. Put the sweat in sweatshirt. Moochapalooza tomorrow with Alex F. Settled on Luke’s couch.


Wa-wa for water.
Animate our FESAP script. (mix media?)
Low-polygon in blender using premade materials. 


August 2, 2024 Day 49
Figured out pre-reg. Signed up for App Dev, Marketing Management, Econometrics, and COGS 20001. Left for the reg. Sat down with Musa from our RNC trek. Listened to Houndmouth. Planned out a cross country Amtrak trip. Hung out with Evgenia. Visited Trader Joe’s. Bought carrot juice. Race at 63rd street tomorrow. Made noodles. Carboload. Return of the duck pond.


Culdesac building walkable communities.

Evgenia came over from behind Ex Lib to say hi. She’s on, as she calls it, an “exchange program” from Harper Cafe. Talked experiences with the horde, bad trips to the DMV, and substacks. Told her about our plans for a cross country train trip, to which she said—“male behaviour is reading On the Road and thinking I could do that.”


Exercises in boredom are good for us. 


August 1, 2024 Day 50
Picked up laundry. Napped till noon. Got a Banh Mi Long Time. Stopped by the reg to print out ids for the DMV. Red-lined into the city. Hordes of youth streaming down Madison. (No doubt headed for Lolla). The DMV did not go well for us, though we ran into one of the friendly desk clerks at South (there with her niece). Switched gears, walked to Social Security. Met a UChicago alumn, Alex F, class of ‘15, on business for his father. Ordered a new card to be delivered to South next week, we’ll try getting our permit then. Settled in the Art Institute—the calm eye of the storm. Sat on a chair and just typed. Migrated to the Chinatown public library. Closing time. Met up with Chloe. Ended up eating at Ken Kee. Entered the diner and it was like we’d been transported back to HK. Walked around Chinatown. Showed Chloe Chiu Qwons. Talked a bit with Alex in the south lounge about having quit our job, microbiomes, and journaling. Condensed our belongings for the road. Went out for a fast two miler with Manar. End on a winner’s note. #peoplei’vemet. We’re building a new type of church. Commandment: thou shall go out and break bread with strangers. These past couple days have been so good.


The cliche is true—DMV clerks really do have the look of death. Can’t blame them though, with all the faces passing them 24/7 year after year. Faces of wrathful, impatient men, worried mothers, and immigrants speaking varying degrees of unintelligible. It takes a saint not to sponge up the ills of man (or maybe it takes a saint to)


Stranger #7: Interrupted Alex F, who was sitting cross legged, sandaled, reading Murakami’s WITAWITARunning. Told him how a friend (Señor) had given a copy to us as a high school graduation gift. Kept talking about literature, Alex asked us for our favorites to which we said Vonnegut. Then we started talking about the modernists and the postmodernists and DFW and he recced us The Mezzanine by Nicholson Baker. Reason for this fun exchange is that Alex F writes—he’s been working on a book that has unfortunately taken some pause due family stuff. He has an in with a couple book agents though. “Upmarket fiction, that’s the magic word,” he said. Talked UChicago, AI, and the future of creative fields. Then we exchanged numbers.


WTT: “A friend once told me…” is a neat way to disguise one’s intention to spout shit with the faux-humility of 1. attributing wisdom to someone else and 2. grounding abstraction within reality (as if the conversation really did take place).


Tonight we eat the moon!


July 31, 2024 Day 51
Day trip into Center City with Chloe. Coffee at Saxby’s. Walked to Reading Terminal. Had Cheesesteak from Spataro’s. Populations: Alzheimer’s specialists, Jehovah’s Witnesses, Liverpool Fans. Explored Oldtown. Saw the liberty bell. Grabbed some iced tea. Septa’d to the Rocky steps. Ubered back to Chloe’s. Picked up our stuff. Settled in a room in Huntsman. Applied for Head Arts editorship. Bumpy flight back to Chicago. Met Tony and Sophia, an old pair who had taken a weeklong trip on the east coast and Eric, an archetype of bro visiting for Lolla. Arrived in Chicago. Took the 59 bus from Midway back to South. Read Kerouac on the way. Slipped by the front desk into our old room. Showered. Popped our backpack in the laundry. Play it day by day. 


Again the Sears tower watching over us like the good shepherd/ and the 12-foot cigar store Native American off South Pulaski.


Sitting in the bus at the airport bookstop, we looked out to see a young couple in embrace. First, he was lifting her in a mock supplex, then she was doing it to him. It was tempting to take out our camera. There’s a visual language to intimacy. 


Dreamt that we spoke to Obama. He was much younger and a visiting lecturer. Asked us if we had an hour to spare and tossed us some Marx he was teaching for a class.


July 30, 2024 Day 52
Packed. Made cola chicken again—cleaned out the fridge. Simple living can have depths of experience. Train to New York. Quick bite at K-town. Stopped by FIT. The runners at Hudson Yard. Afternoon sun. Javitz center. A lamp maker? Two strangers. A million green aphids scrambled up our legs. Pozole. Read Deyan Sudjic’s The Language of Things, then a bit of Kerouac’s On the Road. Descriptions of the midwest awoke something in us... Des Moines, Davenport, go west! Arrived in Philly, by which time our suitcase had completely fallen apart. Lugged it on our back to Chloe’s. Stopped by a CVS for a slim jim’s and strawberry vanilla olipop. Virgins in heaven. 


When we get back to Chicago: continue our progress on our permit. Get a skateboard. Get a typewriter. Figure out some place to live? WHPK, Klubnacht—get involved! Only 2 more years left. 


A million pictures from all over/ the world has lost their fight to colour.  
Quinn told us they’re picky when it comes to critters—only butterflies and some of the prettier moths.


Slaughter beach dog and a certain resurrection of the soul—that night coming back from the concert with Josie, shouting out the lyrics to Phoenix. 104 degrees. Past year has changed us in such beautiful ways. 


July 29, 2024 Day 53
Raining out. Brought our shoes in. Sean Wang’s Didi. Made shrimp. On food and cooking. How many lives were reset by the pandemic? Midnight—put our clothes in the laundry, ran, showered. 6 minute mile at the track. Tomorrow, we will pick up our clothes and pack. Leave at noon? Le Corbusier’s Chandigarh.


Invite mom to come hang out in Chicago.
We’re not so young anymore.


The challenge with commercializing pocket dimensions into on-demand personal lockers? Baby proofing differential time flow against climb-in-the-washing-machine-curious children.


Song: Adventures in Solitude by the New Pornographers.


July 28, 2024 Day 54
Made cola chicken. Drizzle with sesame. Cleaned house. Ran. Took a new route up Shepard Ave. Monstrous inclines. 8 miles to Mikro depot and back. Check out East Coast Greenway. Maine to florida? Back to protobowl. Watched Ozark. 


Song: Go Ahead by Rilo Kiley. 


July 27, 2024 Day 55
Chloe back home with a couple of gifts for us. Figure out how to make our Kiev 30M work. Wrote and submitted our RNC trek reflection. Took our pennyboard down to Audi’s for some groceries. One-way glass behind the cashiers. Strawberries and carrot juice. Texted Sho. A pickle for the knowing ones. Prepped cola chicken for tomorrow. Made some really good rice. Steak and tomato eggs. Went out for a 2 miler. Steep hills. Go to bed and rest up for tomorrow. 


No, what we’ve been battling is not some idea of loneliness. It’s more structural than that. Road-space dominated urban geographies, exxxcessive media hyperrealities, doom narratives—we’re dealing with the effects of American Domestic Life. The day in-day out, 9-5, groceries, netflix routine. And to understand ADL we must look into the American Domesticated Mind.


Self-kritik session 1 (though keep in mind the prognosis is positive):
We often misdiagnose the source of our problems.  
We need to commit to our relationships with people and projects in order to make them fulfilling.
We pursue many things for appearances—which is par for the course—but we lack internal- element. We gain that by seeking earnestly how we can serve and make people’s lives better.


July 26, 2024 Day 56 
Simple as a doormat, it’s serendipity. Our problem is we keep chasing soundbites. Pureed tomatoes, made a butter chicken paste. Three big painful X’s on the calendar? Fired up League of Legends—that’s how you know it’s been dire. Night run. Cool out. 5 miles down the backroads. Cicadas thrumming like the engines of taxi cabs. Felt something we haven’t in a while. Downed three glasses of milk. Showered. Played protobowl.


We used to read neruda—what happened? This has not been our brat summer. 


July 25, 2024 Day 57
Spent the day in a bad mood. Cleaned. Fixed the toilet. Opened the windows. Took singing in the shower to realize that we haven’t spoken in a while. Cleaned dishes. Salt on the floor. Went outside to observe dusk. Wonder where the ravens are. Craving cold winter nights. Relax face muscles. A late night vibes playlist. Get a skateboard when we get back. 


Write and send over our RNC article.
We’d be sad if we died tomorrow. Our Jacob and Esau play.


Reboot manual: turn on music, declutter, shower, go outside.
For our sanity. Create a separation of space—upstairs: sleep, downstairs: work. Shorten the distance it takes to go outside. 


July 24, 2024 Day 58
It’s not joever. Watched Ex Machina. We look and feel better. Ran 4 miles up to Sleeping Giant. Walked 4 miles back. Stopped by Audi for some produce. Made tomato and eggs. Cased with Pen from GEP. Went out for a little ride on our penny board. Get a good sleeping bag. 


Hobomock the Sleeping Giant.


July 23, 2024 Day 59
Philadelphia is grey. Schuylkill and walnut. Chloe walked us through campus. Boarded the megabus to New York. Two asian ladies, maybe they were our mom’s age. Up the mid atlantic. Ocean liners and cranes, orange and white, stand tall. Arrived in the city. Walked uptown through midtown. Met up with Noah at a Mangia. Limoncetta. We need water. Boarded the metro north back to New Haven. Dirty steaks. Slept. Back home. Took leaving to realize that Chicago really is beautiful. 


The View from Ninth Avenue
Visit Sleeping Giant


SN: Sometime early in the child’s semiotic development, the death of the vater-figure invited the void of god. It was atomic emptiness, it was dadaism. And the discombobulation of the inner logicus had dastardly consequences…


We ourselves are terrified of oblivion. Small acts of kindness we do not do for others but for ourselves. There’s a pragmatism to giving. The longevity of our social wellness depends on it (cf DFW’s review of ADMAU). Spent the last month living with black and hispanic people, and there’s a kind of hopelessness that we don’t talk about this country. And always we desire a sea-change.


Stranger #6: Jared was wearing a white sox shirt on the Metro North. He had spent a couple of years as a research assistant for a professor in environmental economics at UChicago. Now he’s getting his PHD at Yale. We told him about the perfect inning we saw at our first baseball game. “UChicago, that makes sense” he said, “would’ve guessed that most people from Chicago are cubs fans.”


July 22, 2024 Day 60
Seeing Chloe tonight. Symbolism and Basquiat. Packed up our room. Stopped by Midway Mart to grab dinner. Abhay drove us to Midway. Rural Canadian roots. Ran into a women’s basketball conference. Jasmine from DC. Snacked slim-jims. Ginger ale (more often than not). Delassandro’s Cheesesteaks, Jose from Canaan, CTd said to call ahead. Arrived in Philly past midnight. Took an uber to Chloe’s. Showered. Sometimes it is soul-crushing. Raindrops on rooftops. Curled up into a ball and slept on the ground. 


Critics panned the 3rd season of the Bear. “Annoyingly sluggish” “Stagnant” “Frustrating”. 


Song: I Think We Danced (But I Can’t Be Sure) by itsjustrand. 


July 21, 2024 Day 61
Submitted our much delayed article on TBMG. The mind is the new frontier. Had lunch with Cole, Abhay, and Emma. Picked up our laundry. Met Luke and the crew outside the David Rubenstein Forum. Joe Biden out of the race. Sizing up for a ‘68 repeat. Long day on set. Quinn’s Mary Janes, that’s what they be. Coraline. Chipotle at Luke’s. Showered. Been a most exciting week of this summer.


Get a bike and a sleeping bag? How many miles can one go in a day. 
To bat above one’s league or to feed your floor, we introduce new aphorisms every day. 


July 20, 2024 Day 62
Woke up at 7. Rode a divvy bike down to the South Shore Cultural Center. Felt good. Banayan/Possibility Fest. Bruce K Alexander’s Rat Park. Met some really cool people. Apply for head arts editorship.


Dress well. Work out. But lose the self. Doesn’t matter what we look like. 


July 19, 2024 Day 63
Last day on the job. Helped with check-out at Woodlawn. Surrendered our keys to Brittany. Napped. Met Luke and rehearsed. Ate at Woodlawn. Ran into Lucas Glickman. Chatted. Called Ryan. Made front page of the IOP linkedin. Gave ourselves a haircut. Cleaned up. 


July 18, 2024 Day 64
Quit our job. What a high! Regained that feeling of possibility we had at the start of this summer. Sent Valentin at Northwestern our EPVN materials. Joe Biden may be dropping out of the race? Check out the Chemical Ventures Conference in August. Made dinner. Beef and rice. Called Shalom. April come she will. Went out to run with Manar. Heaven and earth. 


Storage unit + travel around the next two months? We just bought back time.
Developments in the Trump shooting. 


Check out Hillbilly Elegy. 
Check out My First Million. 


Clean up. Grab food. Write three articles (or zero)


We’ve learned about organizations. Inefficiencies. Cancerous growths and hemorrhaging budgets. Time lived is never time wasted. Slough off the past year. Don't miss the big swings.


July 17, 2024 Day 65
Morning panic. Guillermo, our lyft driver got us to Union Station in time. Little flowers en route to Milwaukee. Missed seeing forests. Made a stop at dunkin’, two boston cremes for breakfast. Yasmin, Seth. Congressman Lahood. Tony Fabrizio. Lunch with Axelrod. Walked around Milwaukee. Billboards made a political battleground. Reporters descended like vultures upon the youth. Trey Gowdy. Marjorie Taylor Green. Shared the train back with the Amish. Walked back to South. Showered. Made toast. 


The good and fine people at the RNC.
Doug Mills was probably there.


Table to the left, journalist from AP, and opposite of her, Susan Glasser from the New Yorker. Table to the back, the Wall Street Journal. And table to the right, John Weissman from the New York Times and next to him, the Guardian. 


July 16, 2024 Day 66
Put on socks. Walked over to Woodlawn for some food. Took the red up to DePaul. Saw Dylan. Made some friends at Iowa and Northwestern. West world, fidelity. Vietnamese college consulting came in handy. Acquired business cards. Regained confidence. The sun over the Fullerton station. Took the red back. Ran to the point. Lost our shirt. Rode a divvy bike on the road. Naked and afraid. Showered. Made congee. Prep for tomorrow. 


Mr. Bigtimer, make 100 dollars selling lemonade.


July 15, 2024 Day 67
Past couple days have been a continuous onslaught. Lunch. Picked up eggs from Midway Mart. JD Vance. Walked up to Pret. Met with Abby. Got ourselves a fudge cake. Helped out some kids on a scavenger hunt. Sat in the Hutch courtyard—applied for Metcalf. Ran into Anaemilia. Microwave background. Dinner at Woodlawn. Tagged Alex downtown. Music on the great lawn. Dacia dropped by. Got our tripod back from Faradawn. Tornado warnings. Storm made us storm chasers. Sheltered in a Woodlawn stairwell with Nat. 


Notes from a Meeting with Abby:
O Party. Have a social event calendar. Get stickers/merch. Laptops make for great ad-space. People: Zach Braunschweig (fiction), Lillian Fu (fiction), Henie Zeng (poetry). 


Song: American Beauty by Drew Holcomb and the Neighbors. Verbatim by Mother Mother.


July 14, 2024 Day 68
Feeling like a bit of a fuckup. Copacetic. Cleaning got us out of a ditch. Formatted our cavetown article. Culled pictures from last night. Picked up our laundry. Showered. Made beef noodles. Walked to Luke’s for rehearsal. Get the script down. Try to shoot something ourselves. Hung out with Rachel. Watched House of the Dragon. Made congee. Day of little tasks. 10 days till we’re one half through.


Something about ants. 
We’re like Steven Yeun in beef. 


July 13, 2024 Day 69
Eeking out this existence. Made noodles. Passed our 6 hour drivers ed course. Steven Cheung, Trump’s spokesman. Consider the Lobster. Quick bite with Cole. Texted Shalom. Hopped on the Metra. Met Will and Jonathan. Got news that Trump got shot. Bullet whipped by his head. Went to the Cavetown show. Show got moved back an hour from thunderstorm warnings. Ran into Tate and friends. Got back via Yaser. “Hyde Park?” Thunderstorms. CVS. Back home. Drenched. Sleep. Recoup.


Could be a huge article if we write it well.


Start of summer we thought the cicadas would come in droves. Saw our first one of the summer today outside our window and wondered where our shell-shedding went. 
Senator Jenkins?


July 12, 2024 Day 70
Stocked rooms. Grabbed lunch with Cole. Gaelic football. The Beatles. RNC Call. The Great American Farm Fair. Made ourselves a portfolio. Tried going out on a run and floundered. Culture event. Did some odd exercises with a bike rack. Got back and showered.


Little people know the danger of garbanzo beans
—because the beans are larger relative to the size of their throats


tobes.myportfolio.com


July 11, 2024 Day 71
Tomatoes for a snack. Moved a fridge. Made eggs for lunch. Lorca, Generation 27. Abby from the writer’s workshop wrote to us—we’re meeting her on Monday. Easy two miles out to the point. Stopped by Trader Joes on our way back. Went to dinner. Got knocked out. Michael Reeves. At least our room and mind are in clean shape. 


“And the gravel trains get stuck and turn back”


July 10, 2024 Day 72
Slept in. Day out at the White Sox. An immaculate 9th inning from Michael Kopech. What a win! Mother mother on Saturday. Napped. Ran with Juliana. 2 miles to the point. 4 miles up the lake. 2 miles back. Tomorrow laundry + clean up. We’re feeling good. Sit in the office and knock out drivers ed. Made a wicked dish of 刀削面 in tomatoes. The juice! Moneyball. 


Where men first flew. “They put a man on the moon!” 
Can’t be too much of a degenerate if we want to make things happen.
Don’t ever bitch out. Art is procedural. Allow ourselves to sandbox, iterate. 
There will always be a place in the world for good fruit teas. 


What is brat summer?
Bringing the culture to you. 


CORAL BUILDING. Organic-looking outgrowths that span vertically a couple floors. Branching like spirals from an inner core. Connected to one another via hamster tunnels.
Inventory app that does ai object counting. 


Song: Drive By by Train. 


July 9, 2024 Day 73
Late start. Does not look like we’re making it to the dmv today. Grabbed lunch with Cole. Effective altruism advocates. Went 4 miles down by the lake. Was pouring out. Got soaked. Walked around Kenwood and Bronzeville. Japanese houses. Took the X4 bus back. Picked up beef and tomatoes at Jewel Osco. President Obama cream soda. Showered, cleaned up. Captain America, apotheosis of the chamber. Made a midnight snack with 刀削面 and 滑蛋 with tomatoes. 


Make ourselves a portfolio website. Adobe portfolio is free.
Mussels and onion soup mom used to make.


Epstein came from nothing and ran into the right people (?). A study of temperature—molecular collisions. Life provides so long as we are open. 


July 8, 2024 Day 74
Went out to woodlawn with Manar. Revelations. Sat down with Erika at South. Submitted our TBMG article to copy-edit. Hung out with Alice. Did more drivers ed. Settled on a law school bench. Sunburn on repeat. Here comes the horde. Put our maroon articles on linkedin. Carter Otis. Create create create. Prepped dinner with Lucy. Used some of that cooking wine. Went for another run with Faradawn. Dropped by CVS on our way back. 5 miles. Red pill-core. Showered and had dinner with Lucy. Chrysanthemum teas and we’re in HK again. Slept.


Visit dublin. Ramona. 
This fallible flesh. This paralyzing immobility. HRL this behemoth. 
Sometimes we have these banging lines. 


At some point, all organizations grow into cancers, bent on perpetuating themselves regardless of what the original vision was. This horrible perversion of life is how innovation dies. The patterns set in, and rigor mortis takes the reins. 


Social engineering. Management science. Jedi mind tricks. All stuff we’re interested in. Places you could go with a camera or with drinks to bribe. Ralph Morse from Life: Einstein’s Office. 


July 7, 2024 Day 75
Peanut butter and fig on toast. Drivers ed. Bought a ticket to Chloe. Philly at the end of July (we’ve gotta get out of here.) Went to lunch with Manar. Picked up laundry. Got dressed. Took the green line up to Cermak. Met Jade at the square in Chinatown. Grabbed groceries at 88 marketplace: knife cut noodles, sesame oil, cooking wine. Peach ramunes. Was drizzling out. Wandered. Jazz, house music, abura soba. Grandma core. CTA. Sun came out on the platform. Terry, San Diego, Arizona. “it was paradise” Lara from IIT. Took a lyft to the point. Hung out with Sasha, Ann, and Max from Sailing. Take “waterworlds”. Bunnies everywhere: license to breed. Added Stamps Scholars to our Linkedin. Called mom and dad. Zoomed Kirtland. Had snacks—durian cakes we got from 88.


Dad. Look into Schwarzman scholars.
Realized that sliced bread falls on us. If we don’t build it no one else will.
Remember the community that we wanted to build. Make art, make music, live!
Take half an hour at the end of every day to respond to messages (people are important)


Amigo. This past month we’ve made little progress, but we have learned much about what we need and skills we have to acquire. Still have the story. “Just don’t miss the big swings” We’re out of our funk!


Tomorrow: coolcat pomodoro. Give a good update of what we’ve been up to.
Sliced bread poster. sliced bread merch. host another social event.
People, people, get out and be with people. Use it to motivate us.
We’re moving up in the world.


SB Inventory: Sasha, Courtney, Michael, Daniel, Jacob.


Wishlist: Brita water filter. Skateboard 


July 6, 2024 Day 76
Morning shift. Early start. Walked every floor of Woodlawn. Solo cups, spoils of war. Met Jake by the water fountain. Prep and get our permit tmr. Rocky is no mistake. Did a couple r/photoshop requests. Helped someone with their grad photo and a woman with her engagement photo. Made a dollar in tips. Went out to the point with the RAs. Made smores with Anna. Pop rock chocolates. Alice and Nat. Goofed. Loneliest whale has a friend. Jumped in the water. Juli had to pull us out. Maryanne—preached amigo (we still got it!). Walked back and decided to fuck it. Ran 3 miles in our regular clothes. Showered. Laundry early tomorrow. 


Photoshopped godzilla. 


Been a weird summer (as all summers are). Haven’t left campus since it started. Our favourite pastime? going to Jewel Osco and buying the cheapest steaks to baste in kerrygold. Even got ourselves a thyme plant. We’ve been living like a real degenerate. And the mangoes. 16 for 6 dollars.


“Slow down boy you crazy child” 


July 5, 2024 Day 77
Barely got out of our bed. Had breakfast. Squash out little tasks. Made lunch (honey pork). Made dinner (tomato giglis). Lost today to a depressive episode. Quit thinking about Gabby and that stuff. Returned texts. Clean up. Can’t let death win. Did 2 sets of 20 pushups. 


Call Chloe, get a flight to philadelphia.


If we can’t fix today, get an early start on tomorrow.
Hack out some linkedin learning certificates. 


Song: Sunburn by Almost Monday. 


July 4, 2024 Day 78
Independence day. Ospreys in Chicago. Typed out They Might Be Giants and collected our first four pomodoros. Edited and returned Maroon articles. Nuclear bomb simulator. Shake doom. Ran by the point. Saw Vanessa briefly. Sat on the grass as fireworks exploded around us. Ran into Julia just as we were about to leave. Hung out. 


Some silver city in the mist. “I love America, I love you.”
Don’t like to phone home with bad news. 


Song: Afterglow by Ed Sheeran


July 3, 2024 Day 79
Made more sketches. Drew David. Got a ride and ordered a sushi burrito from hutch. Prepped onions and pork with a soy sauce and honey marinade. Pomodoro app. Derawings [deranged drawings]. Went out for a run. Lakeside. Dipped. Ran into Sam and Tom Klehr. Met Andrew, a Loyola Med student. Stopped by Harper Foods on our way back. Had a nice mango iced tea (just ice). Called Vanessa. Made dinner with Faradawn. Made rice! Filming this Saturday? Get Dacia. Went out to the point. S’mores. Wish-granted. Felt down as the fire died out. Lyfted back and threw the disc golf disc around. Recoup, drink water, ley lines.


Anger Management Band. Group of kids up in Seattle.


July 2. 2024 Day 80
Heated up our giglis from last night. Lunch. Man we’re exhausted. Visited Anna’s. Set up our ipad. Helped Rodrigo move in his stuff. Tuscan pane and goat cheese log. Invited Faradawn over for dinner tomorrow. Called JF en route to dinner. The light falling again so beautifully into Woodlawn. Sat down on the law school benches. Got procreate. Drew and called dad. Went to the RA potluck in Gallo. 茶叶蛋.


July 1, 2024 Day 81
Did our laundry. Grabbed lunch at Woodlawn. Went up to Nova driving school. Signed up for driver’s ed. Making our way up in the world. Trader Joes. Gigli pasta. Father John Misty. Zoomed Pen. Cleaned up. Nascar street race this weekend. Getting tap access to the Maroon Office in Ida. Made pasta with Rachel. Made Nolan’s bolognese. Watched the house of the dragon. Unboxed and tried out our ipad. Kelly Hu buildspace.


Working on a novel, poem, short story collection? 
Keep yourself on track! 
Regenstein Regulars V1.
Street Poet?


How to get people together? Keep building sliced bread. Make one thing great. 
It is the paralyzing immobility that we fear.


There is no insular world. The world is full of curious, inquisitive people. It’s on us to reach out. cf. Art Institute with Anne.


June 30, 2024 Day 82
Red line’s the busiest we’ve seen. Packed. Went with nolan to pride. Torta de lingua at a Mexican restaurant by Addison. North Halsted. Met up with Vanessa. Met Puralina, Guatemala’s number 1 influencer. Man too drunk. In our country we ride burras. Apple store on Michigan. Perhaps the most beautiful apple store in the world. Got our ipad. Mas es mejor. Chipotle. Northwestern downtown campus. Back home. Napped. Ran. Laid down on the Midway. Saw Ethan. Showered. Ordered our ipad accessories. 


Flower petal garden streak tracker. 
Today was good, it felt like we were moving forwards. 


June 29, 2024 Day 83
Slept in, showered. No repercussions. Outside the window of our office, some girl pacing around in jorts and a green top. Played disc golf. Reclaimed the bananas we left on the windowsill. Pepto-abysmal. Bean soup for lunch. Cleaned up our room. Decluttered to free up more space. Grabbed dinner with Cole. Ran to the point with Nolan and Juli. Lanterns. Ghostlight. Lovetap. Smores. Stayed up late playing poker. 


Turned the mirror away from us. What are we building?
Depressing as hell!


June 28, 2024 Day 84
Foggy out (foggy in). Cooked cucumbers. Morning shift. Age of pessimism. Dinner distraught. Listened to Lua. Frisbee-golfed in the courtyard. The sun came back. Joined Raphael and Adriana on a Target trip. Got madeleines. Ran into Moran. El cucubano, the Puerto Rican firefly. Thinking of quitting our job. Media wind-up (?)


Moved fridges, and moving under South’s labyrinthine passageways, realized how a bad mood had annihilated whole days from our calendar. Always think we need to do something drastic.


I admit it. We’ve got a pretty weird idea of how the world works.


June 27, 2024 Day 85
Slept in. Grabbed breakfast. Shift. Went up to Audrey’s after. Hung out on the swings by 47th. Played pickleball. Lost horribly to Elyssa, Shelby and Becca. Was fun though. Audrey made us some pasta and we watched the Bear. Dinner with Rachel monday. Watched the Trump-Biden debate. 


Memory of us being in New York when Obama was debating Mitt Romney.


Not Boring Software
https://www.notboring.software/
Computer Generated Graphics.


June 26, 2024 Day 86
Did more coding during our shift. Grabbed dinner with Alice. Alice has a boyfriend, but at least he likes butter pecan. Napped. Put on our pants and went out to meet Faradawn. Church by Greenwood. Ran up and down Lake Shore. Went down the pier at Oakview Beach. What a view. Honey Hold Me, Rivers and Roads—our 2023 playlist was elite. Smooth 9 miler. Reminded of what’s at stake. Do things because we can. Watched the End of the Tour. 


Mood tracker (How do we carry momentum)
Run + Shower are biggest motivators
Food is kind of a demotivator


We grew up thinking that each member of our family had worked so hard to live futile lives. That made us deeply unhappy. But now we find ourselves fanatical? So much has changed for us in the past year from taking up a camera and just saying yes to things. Make good on that! 


Fardawn, Juliana, Nolan. Manar. Get more people on our runs.
“Know thyself” is a poor translation. More so it is “know thy place”
Quaalude prelude.


June 25, 2024 Day 87
Went to the IOP coworking session. Got some Rajun Cajun. Met Nick and Nahir working on the DNC. Good to be with other people. Dropped by the Maroon office in Ida. Find a way to make it a work space? Settled on the second floor. Made our first app via a Code with Chris tutorial. Brought mangoes to Vanessa’s. Streetcar by Daniel Caesar. Crochet flowers in a bucket.


Haptic touch.


Song: Pictures on a Wall by Ira Wolf.


June 24, 2024 Day 88
Woke up to Manar doing sit ups. Did laundry. Met Raphael and Berto from a humanities program. Had the last of our mangos. Dinner with Anna. The light falling so beautifully into woodlawn. Our leg might be a little banged up. Went on a jewel-osco run with Nolan. Glazed cinnamon rolls. AJR. Thunderstorms. 


June 23, 2024 Day 89
Grabbed lunch with Alice. Jewel-osco. Steak and mangoes. Got ourselves a little rosemary plant. Sing street. Grabbed dinner with Hans. Walked to the point with Lina. Fireflies all over the grass. “They’re like stars on the ground”. Crashed the RA event. Roasted some marshmallows on a stick we found. Took a dip. Lyfted back with Derek and Juliana. How’s your sister? Went for a run. Warm up + round 22 minute 5k. Said fuck it, submitted our application for Pitch Madness. Let’s get some amigo up in here.


Ask Alice if she’d like to go to dinner
Read wuthering heights.
Have patience with ourselves. Do laundry first thing tmr + grab breakfast.
We’ve got this. So we beat on, boats against the current. 


Polsky Center Founder’s Guide


June 22, 2024 Day 90
Morning shift. Walked over to woodlawn. Sat and watched Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Slept for most of the day. Scavengers Reign, an orgo-future. Showered. Changed our sheets. Called Aboo and Mom for an hour. Good to hear from family. We’ve been kind of at a low. 


Improve sleep schedule? Food fuels leisure. Drink ceases want. 
Start tomorrow by responding to our texts.


June 21, 2024 Day 91
Stocked woodlawn rooms. Napped and read Luke’s script. Cleaning is such a healing activity. Cleared the table. Onions and stir fry vermicelli. 


Lowkey we could be in Thailand right now.


June 20, 2024 Day 92
Two-thirds into June. Had breakfast. Ran into Daniel in the morning. Dyson Spheres discovered? Zoomed Pen about consulting. Hung out with Jackie. Visited Mango town. Unironically watched half an hour of skibidi toilet. Helped Vanessa move her bed. Made plans for next Tuesday night. Got mad, ran and ended up doing 3x2 diags on the midway. Stay alive.


Run earlier in the day so we earn back time. Night run + shower frees us up. 
Don’t catch ourselves talking about girls. Go out there and make that video. Start holding ourselves accountable.


If we want to get people to come out it must be personal. Broadcasts have a low conversion rate. We have the time and sweat to do targeted advertising. 


Nearly a month of summer. Remember that we have something to prove! Hustle—we’re good at that. 


June 19, 2024 Day 93
Slept in. Went to breakfast. Ate with David Agyei. Oatmeal with fried onions. Did no work today. Watched the boys. Napped. Met Moran by the north bus stop and took the red line to Belmont. They Might Be Giants. Lyfted back at 11:00. Made some teriyaki chicken with rice and our remaining cucumber. Evil scientist Yacub. Mr. and Mrs. Smith. 


Skateboarding, screenprinting. Art hippie. JaQ Lai was one of the coolest people we knew.


Counter idea: 
Within a day, the tap goes up then down.
Green, orange (afternoon), and red (last hour) colour-coded.


June 18, 2024 Day 94
Woke up. Grabbed lunch with Nick. Wolff’s Flea Market this Sunday? There’s an extraordinary density of high schoolers in Woodlawn dining commons. Hong Kong tailors. Claimed the spare room as our office. Gave ourselves a haircut. Cleaned up. We’ve got version 1 of a counter app. TJ’s chicken tikka masala is up there. Ran with Manar to the point. Because we wanted to be transformed! Took a dip in the lake before running back. Showered and went to Anderson’s. Adam Belew. Meat Club, the inn, browning basement, so many things came back to us.


Crippling hot sauce
That’s how you do CPG


Song: One Foot by Walk the Moon


Respect good media, because we allow it to take time away from us. 
Task of the day: finish coding counter widget.

June 17, 2024 Day 95
Deep sleep. Late start. Went with Manar to lunch. Corn on the cob, horchatas. Manar’s father has an interesting habit of sending him a daily newsletter. <action requested>. Sat down and finally drafted that email to Paul. Wrote. Napped. Cleaned our stove top. Cleaned our room. Made spring rolls with Julia. So tactile. Life needs more gamified experiences. Peanut sauce came out great. The cross section of woodlawn west resembles a human ant farm. Hung out with Nolan. Drew a little guy on his ipad. Ran. Lost our shirt for a bit. Called mom and aboo. 


A16z. buildspace. Farza Majeed. Make something big. 
“p.s: if you wanna contact me ping farza@buildspace.so, i generally respond to every single email under 300 characters with a clear ask.”
https://buildspace.so/100ideas


We are fighting time and death. 
Task management “eat the frog”
We’ve come far: we make money. 
Now we need to fucking build.
Need to understand the problems of small business owners. 


Amigo: is loneliness really a seasonal thing? Maybe dating is the only real motivation for meeting people digitally. We need to talk to more people and conduct more systematic research. (how do we create the structure to do this?) Sidequest: Get on the News could actually be pretty doable. See Ross Shapiro with chess nights. @chess_night_


“I am sending you out like sheep among wolves. Therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves” Matthew 10:16. Need to be careful with our evangelism. People don’t appreciate up-front radicalism, though that’s where we need to be to make things happen. 


Dreamt that we were laying on the grass with friends. The moon opened like an eye and showed us two rings. 


June 16, 2024 Day 96
Did our laundry. Went with Manar to lunch. Joined Dacia and Iris and talked architecture. On our way back, we met Manny walking a shih tzu. Told him our “shit zoo” joke. Met Lucy outside the Seminary Co-op and walked up to her apartment. Stopped by Target to grab a couple snacks (cuties, corn chips and guac, peach juice) before heading to the point. Chip and dipped. Moran joined us. Tossed a football around with some people we met. Cleaned up and recharged at Lucy’s. Took the red line up to North/Clybourn. The northside is a different city. Mini-fountains outside the Apple Store. Walked past Steppenwolf. Picked up our picnic basket from Leslie. Took the 8 bus down to Randolph street. Hung out at Taste of Randolph with Dacia and Iris. Live music! Took the green line back to campus. Extra shaky. Ended up lyfting back after we went the wrong way west to Halsted. 


What are we doing? No doubt, refocus, trudge forwards.
We are here to execute the intelligent plan of the universe
to make good on the promises of our forefathers


Stranger #5: Met Cole in the laundry room who was reading a book titled “Why Buddhism is True”. He told us he had gotten into meditation after reading another book about happiness. The book described three methods to increase one’s happiness: cognitive therapy, drugs, and meditation.


June 15, 2024 Day 97
Met Breno, a soon to be high school junior from Colorado. Talked degrees of difference. Father John Misty. Ran check-in with the RAs. Grabbed keys for people. On aux a hot sec. Afterlife by Benee. Ran by Jewel-Osco for supplies. 5 dollar shrimp. Honey butter toast then steak. Tried a butter soy combo. Yum. Dropped by work again. Made another Jewel-Osco run with Nolan. Chinese enchiladas? Had pasta and watched some Jubilee.


Man behind in the jewel-osco line offered to pay for us when he saw that we were struggling with our coupon. “I remember what it's like to be a student.” that sort of empathy, even when you’re stuck in line and reasonably frustrated.


Ground beef, sliced cucumbers, lettuce, and green onion wrapped in rice paper, served fresh or fried with a peanut vinegar dipping sauce. 


Writing culture among our friends. Wabberjocky coded.
Tantae molis erat Romanam condere gentem. Ae. 1.33


From Sarah: Woodlawn’s not like the other dorms. A management company leases out the rooms to the school. Bedspace determines revenue, and so communal spaces become dead space. 


June 14, 2024 Day 98
Pay day—north of 3k now. Lazy start, stocked 2 rooms in the morning. Chicken schnitzel for lunch. Walked down to cottage grove after our shift. Got a call from Sarah and Brittany about dozing off during work. Damn. Turned back. Had dinner at Woodlawn with Courtney. Went home. Made ourselves some caramelized onion and egg pasta. Kind of a downer day. Saved the day by going out for a 3 miler. No excuses. Wrote our manifesto again. Looked back at entries from the end of last summer. We need to make an exponential jump! 


Insight: Darkness is not the enemy of light, it is merely the absence of it. Light is a radical act that has to be spoken into existence. (cf “let there be light) the first creative effort. Think of apathy in the same way. Our “enemy” is not our enemy because they have yet to be converted. 


Beabadoobee in September?
Ray Bans x Meta glasses (insta 360 alternative)


Song: Don’t Stop Believing by Journey


June 13, 2024 Day 99
Chloe called. Grabbed breakfast and cried for lost youth. Was raining out. Compiled our coolcats into eggs (reflections). Found an efficient rhythm to stocking rooms. We’re going to the RNC! Dinner at 6:00. Nap and clean up our room between now and then. They Might Be Giants with Moran on Tuesday? Read The Design of Everyday Things. Had dinner at Luke’s. Almost didn’t but went 4 miles with Juliana. 


Memento: Art is not risky. Not doing art is risky. Look into cognitive science for design. Quit paradoxical living—polisci is an ill compromise.


This is what I think of us, that we are beams of light traversing the vast nothingness. Occasionally intersecting, never quite parallel.


End of Spring/Guadalajara (Third of May/Odaigahara). RNC historic summer.


June 12, 2024 Day 100
Woke up at 7:00. Stocked rooms with linens. Shift has us spent. Wrote a script for our ethan uncurated parody. Napped till 4:30. Grabbed a quick bite at woodlawn. Lyfted to the point. Hung out with Julia. Swam for a bit. Fireflies. Caught the fireworks at Navy Pier, no sound though. Talked Latin and FNAF. Walked back to South, changed into some running shoes and went downstairs. A solid 2-miler recovery. Showered. 


Showers and runs let us think! Two weeks into the summer: are we on a good pace? Things can change in a day. Have to chart our end goals. We want to build a personal brand.


Sliced bread: message in chat about leadership next year + weekend point swim (poll)
Do interviews about people’s favourite books during lunchtime (bring our mic) overlay book cover when we edit.


Amigo coding: Practice widgets by coding a counter
Functionality (number that goes up when you tap it) (option to reset/manually enter as well)
T-wang widget


Social media: Film the hype video. Talk about art.


June 11, 2024 Day 101
Gochujang egg sandwich for breakfast. Runny yolk. Made ourselves a cooking video. Printed and posted our flier in the GGRC lobby. Walked over to the point. Met Jacob, an archeologist. Showed him our urbex expedition to the Damen silos, and he showed us some abandoned mineshafts in New Mexico. Walked back to campus. Teresa Tung’s 月亮代表我的心 playing from the bell towers. Had lunch at Woodlawn. Ate with Rebecca. Caught up. Got our wireless mic back. Grabbed dinner with Juliana. Met her at 10:00 for a run. Went 5 miles.

Why greatness? Man must emulate God with his creative nature. Shape the wilderness. Joan of Arc of Mongolia. We have a responsibility.
How great? The conscious self must create structures for the unconscious self. Two approaches: raise the conscious self more often + create better structures.


Stranger #4: Jacob was drawing in a sketchbook when we approached him. He had just moved to Hyde Park a couple weeks ago from El Paso. He’s an archeologist for the private sector, which, in loose terms, means due diligence for defense contractors and oil companies looking to excavate new sites. His work has taken him all over. We showed him our urbex expedition to the Damen silos, and he showed us some abandoned mineshafts in New Mexico. He also showed us pictures of what appeared to be a 13th century Navajo settlement, with corn still left in the granaries. It looked exactly like that exhibit we saw in the field museum. 


June 10, 2024 Day 102
8:00 A.M. Natural wake. Showered. Don’t sleep with lake water. Grabbed breakfast at Woodlawn. Languished. Grabbed lunch with Rina, Who we ran into. Run up to Northwestern. Returned Ann her bowl. Settled in the Stuart cubicles for a little bit. Took pictures of ants—something about god. Reddit on the rise with OpenAI. 50 hours worked last week. 6 miler to Neutral Milk Hotel. We woke up. 


What actually are we so deeply unhappy about? We haven’t even unlocked the efficient use of 10% of our time.

Travel far, travel wide, travel a million miles in the night.
We have the responsibility to jump. 


@feier_restaurant advertising. UPenn reach. The wharton social media game is strong—we haven’t even tried putting ourselves up on the map. 


June 9, 2024 Day 103
Three days off starting now. How are we making this hype video? Went by Jewel-Osco. Soursop nectar, interesting. Luke came over for lunch. Made steak. Convo until 3. Talked memory, politics, and gorillas. Walked over to the point for a swim with Ann. Scientists Successfully Teach Gorilla It Will Die (The Onion)


Notes on a conversation with Luke: Talked about how fickle our collective memory is. The “state of nature” is a retroactive reconstruction. The study of anthropology has always been plagued by contemporary narratives of who we are (via Apes and Human Evolution). Value of a statistical life. WTP (Willingness 2 Pay) for an additional one percent chance of dying. 


Here is what I’m thinking: This is our base of operations. 104 days till the end of summer. Of course we count. We are the hand of the arm that reaches towards the sky, the tip of the conscious universe.


Amigo: what we’re really tackling is drinking culture. People are tired and want more meaningful and fulfilling social interactions. They don’t want to get wasted anymore. 


Stranger #3: Met Jesus and his brother Juan “Tookie” at the point, who tried to hit on Ann. Got Jesus to take a dip in the water with us. Fabuloso. Jesus was from Sinaloa. For unclear reasons, his brother Juan Tookie initially told us he was Jesus’ cousin. 


June 8, 2024 Day 104
Overslept for half an hour. Come on Eileen. November to December playlist. #Stick nation. Learn workflows. Closing time. Signed on to Luke’s project. We’re actors. Grabbed dinner with Mari. Mari, Mochi, and Lumineers. Italo Calvino’s Spiral, the universe grows to perceive itself. Car mauled by bear. Went out for a four miler. One objective for the weekend: make a hype video. Called Guang about Amigo. Wrote out our plans. Called dad until 2.


Little nuggets of wisdom (from where we had failed) :
Avoid paralysis of ideas—one thing at a time.
Plan content days in advance so we don’t break streaks and get demotivated
Get out there when we feel like it because we will lose the feeling.


The things we buy influence our behaviors. 
Money is to be made and not saved
Compensate people for their time with money.
Phantom second floor, a North pavlovian reflex.


Make office time app dev time.
Filming takes place outside


Defining the arcs of this summer:
Creative—filming, editing, writing
Building—making amigo happen, coding
Social—hanging out, meeting new people, sidequesting.


June 7, 2024 Day 105
Did our laundry. Booked thanksgiving tickets home. Knocked out. Had a good nap on the office couch. The search for Brett Farmer. Steak and eggs. Recouped. Fired up some potstickers from TJ’s. Put some gochujang on them. Was honestly fire. Midway midnight club. Ran. Have to get out there—runs sprout epiphanies. 


Amigo: time spent with other people is never time wasted. what we’re really thinking about is just getting a bunch of strangers together to do stuff (no matter the medium!)


@Shenny.visuals
@Ethanuncurated 


Challenge: knowing when our friends are free to hang out
Solution: T Wang’s widget. Let people update their status and be one phone call away. Could even pivot to a work management system.


June 6, 2024 Day 106
Hyperconnected, which is good—but we have to make things happen too. Had breakfast. Skibidi Labels. In Event of Moon Disaster. Took grad pictures for Daniel and his cats. Had dinner with Anna. Talked desired paths. Sat with Mari and Quincey for a bit behind the law school. Talked consciousness. I Origins. Grabbed our camera. Met Moran and Kat outside Reynolds. Urbex at the Damen Silos. Chicago past the tall grass. Way to start this summer. Got back after one. Showered and gave ourselves a thorough wash.


Build amigo.


June 5, 2024 Day 107
Early start. Got up at 6:50 and walked over to South. First shift. Rode around on a golf cart. Made steak and dumplings with Cam and Alvin. Ran into Ky in the HRL office. Found ourselves talking about Hawkins and Buyan. Educators—they really are in the business of changing lives. Laminated. Moved out of North and into South. Sasha came and helped us with the carts. Golden hour. What a view! Set up our room with the things we scavenged: carpets, afghans, and lighting. A nice pan and kitchen knife too. Had a really nice shower. We cooked! 


We’re the baby driver of laminating.


Study things that make us pause. That’s the art we want to make. 
You gotta stay prayed up, you got me?


June 4, 2024 Day 108
Woke up. Showered and cleaned up. Went downstairs and settled in a north classroom. Typed out some more of our thoughts on invisibility. We’ve got to be doing stuff! Strange tales from a Chinese Studio. Walked down South around 1pm. Stocked rooms, first day of busy work. Stopped by Jewel-osco. Steak dinner with Sasha and Ann! Thinking much about food and home—and how the food we cook is a fusion.


Can we sneak in a run/clean up our room?


Always had a fondness for sci-fi. Think maybe some of the most important literature today is sci-fi.


June 3, 2024 Day 109
Picnic basket day. 1 to 10, 10 to 100, 100 to 1000. Made breakfast. AI assistants? Acquired 1 University of Chicago Graduation Gown. Labeled key folders for SHA training. Sent Kaya her pictures. Made pasta with Nick. Free transport over the summer? Went down to UPS and shipped our mic for a replacement. Swam at the point. Make our muscles sore. Stress the organism. Visited Sammy. Scavenged a green suitcase on our way back.


Picnics: look into color theory
We need music, more sound cues when we edit
Look into color theory.


Project: building a machine learning model for youtube clickbait titles.
June 22nd Will Park’s Birthday. 


June 2, 2024 Day 110
Sent in our senior pics en route to Valois. We plant seeds. Ate with Moran. Told him about our picnic idea. Signed and sent in our RA contract. We’ve made 1600 from photos this year. Took pictures for Kaya. Called Arhon—call our friends more. Went down to the point. Ran into Misaki. First dip of the summer. Freezing cold. Met a Jose from Colombia. Sasha and Ann came over. Small Cheval. Had such a nice meal with Annie and Joe and Cristi. What a year for us! Groceries from target.


Stranger #2: Jose from Barranquilla had moved to Chicago with his kid and wife (or as he says woman) a year ago. Got him to take a dunk in the lake with his blue swim shirt and trunks. The water was mucho frio.


June 1, 2024 Day 111
First day of June, pouring. Ran into Ermelinda, met Ava. Grabbed medici and had such a nice convo with them about urban design and our project. Went to west grad. Said bye to our friends. Slept and rotted. Cleaned up our room. Had dinner. Finished editing our senior pics. Send them out tomorrow morning. 


We bring New York to Chicago. 
Eventuals: buildspace, Y Combinator.


Picnic cpg sponsorship? Show food items.


May 31, 2024 Day 112
Got paid. North of 1500 dollars. Applied to go to the RNC in Milwaukee. Spent the day in the catacombs. Took inventory in the Max P basement. We’re scholars now! Slept and rotted away a little bit. Fix our bad knees. Bulgogi beef from Trader Joe slaps. Called Chloe, mom, aboo. Shared the news about Stamps. Showed aboo Chicago.


May 30, 2024 Day 113
Last two days of May. SHA Training. Plans for Amigo. Took pictures for Joseph. Champagne. Go out and swim at the lake. Fix up pictures over today and tomorrow. Make a video of us reading our essay. Trump found guilty. Went to the last fourth meal. Siddhartha leaves the palace.


Vienna. Slingshot. America killed DFW. 


May 29, 2024 Day 114
Did room checks in Snitchcock for SHA Training. Started writing in a notebook. Took pictures for Vikram and Shama. Shama got us some dinner from Seoul Taco. Kimchi fried rice and a spicy pork bulgogi. Made a target trip. Conzen was not our bro :(. Go forth with direction. Maybe we’ve become too disillusioned with school. Plotted out a path for amigo. Time to execute it. 小杨生煎. Called Aboo.


Picnic basket:
Tuscan pane
Nice jam
Cold cut/cheese plate. 
Orange juice.


@streetheartsnyc @ethanuncurated fallenmedia.com
Remind ourselves that this summer is one of the few opportunities we have to transform again.


Paper to do lists. 


May 28, 2024 Day 115
Grabbed breakfast, caught up with Megan Cui. Went down to Ida. Bethany helped us out with the rest of the Sunshine Action food bags. Made a trip up to Roger’s Park. Cyril, our Nigerian uber driver. Igbo breaks the ice. Back down. Grabbed a quick lunch with Joe. Summer Housing Training—GGRC Drift. Check for pay on 31st. Went out for a night run, always choose to save the day. Bought ourselves our mic. Now we have to make our grad video. 


Stranger #1: Cyril, our Nigerian lyft driver, admitted that he wanted to reject the ride when he saw us initially by the roadside with our 70 sunshine action bags for delivery. He was not happy but we broke the ice when we asked if he was speaking igbo or yoruba when calling his wife, brother, and kids. We talked about having family across the water. He said he moved to the States a couple years back. Texas first. Then last year he moved to Chicago and now he makes business shipping parts of broken down cars back to Nigeria. 


Priority 1: Set up substack—daily dispatch. 


GGRC Drift
Shoot a grad video
“1 word for 4 years”
Seriously, what a year!


Megan told us to look into an $500 amtrak package.
Freelancers are scavengers. Agile flagellates in the microcellular world.


May 27, 2024 Day 116
Aboo called us. Made lunch. Went down to South to pick up mags from Courtney. Camped out in a Cobb room. A wild sense of nostalgia for mock practices our first year. Took pictures for Vikram and mock seniors. Sent Henry back his pictures. Caught up with Courtney. Thunderstorms in the distance. Hang the DJ. Caved, made food, and ate. 


Clean up our room tonight + run. Call Aboo. 


May 26, 2024 Day 117
Heavy rain in the morning. First day of Summer. Cleaned up our room. Went down to Woodlawn for some food. Salvaged a chemistry kit. Edited and sent back Kaya’s pics. Night run. Broke our slumber. Spend the next couple days with senior friends. The End of the Tour.


Summer:
Touch a goat
Hike in the mountains
Skinnydip in the lake
Omurice
Get on the news?
Cyanotype t shirts


We are on the precipice of great change. Everywhere a thousand voices are crying out their resistance to senseless living. And again visions of empire. Krishna to Arjuna—steady the hand. 


May 25, 2024.
Slept in. Acquired various goods. Scavenged. Said bye to people. Wrote and submitted our American cities final. Showered, made some 刀削麵. The end of days.


May 24, 2024
Woke up and grabbed breakfast. Talked to Randy. Done with Religion, done with interviews. Just Chicago to go! Went to the map collection and scavenged for maps. Sam. Free snacks. Grinded. Finished our essay in the wee hours of the morning.


Free labor from Exeter?


May 23, 2024
Early bird. Heavy eyes. Probably did not too well on our Macro exam. Grabbed lunch with Holden at Seoul Taco. Showed him North. Shower and grind out our 3500 word term paper. Many plates of salmon at dinner. We feel calm. Late, this stuff feels neverending. 


Sunset we get to see everyday! 


May 22, 2024
Maybe our biggest takeaway from Authoritarian Regimes is that hierarchies prefer incompetence over competence. Submitted our sosc final. Move on to other stuff. We’re unshaken. Go through lecture slides and sleep. No way all adults are financially literate. Recruited Chlobs.


Maximize grades:
Econ final review + write essay tmr
No need to despair.
Before the hour of reckoning, we are and have always been alive. 


Don’t stress the small stuff, just don’t miss the big swings! (Friday)
Fleet our foxes be, and we are no stranger to human beauty. 


Plans after finals
Gather sliced bread people who are available this summer
Figure out Amigo-ILC funding 
Check in with Paul on how we can sit-in the build program. 


May 21, 2024
Shift gears: reviewed for our Poli Sci final. Met with Sophie about stamps then Alex Banayan. 6 degrees of difference. We’re showing Alex around Chicago in June. We trod, we’ll fly through this week. Got out of Polisci feeling decent. 1 down, 4 more to go. Declined library jobs. Living in a South apartment this summer. Slept.


Otis Gordon, new Jaq Lai. 


In the early morning we heard the birds sing/ and the yellow of the windows fed the yellow of the moon. Really we stayed up and watched 6 episodes of the bear. 


May 20, 2024
Lock in. Grabbed our first bite of the day at 3:00. Huddy. Honey toast goat. Scheduled our interview with Randy. Say we talked to Aaron and Zara. Man, we're exhausted. Had some of Joe’s cheesecake. Watch a man cut fish.


We’ve just got to be hungrier than anyone else.
Spring passed so silently and we’ve said little. 
Cyanotype t-shirts. 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32GBjEVBJEQ


May 19, 2024
What do we read Marx for? Worked on our sosc paper. Finish tonight. UChicago on NYT again. Sequoia’s leaving next year. Downed a coffee, worked until 1:00. 


Interdimensional cable is no longer offering services in your region.


Commonalities of finals: Fleet Foxes, Dr. Who
Can only skin-shed against immovable inertia. 


May 18, 2024
Went out and took grad photos for Henry. Photo gigs might be weighing on us a little. As long as the general trajectory of things is good. Cleaned up. Did our laundry. SNMS: noodles. Called Sophia for hers too. Midnight snack from Boyer. Popular Imagination magazine.


May 17, 2024
Woke up and called Aboo. Went down to Woodlawn. Napped on a bench. Interviewed at the Law Library. Blueberry goat log. Went to Vanessa’s Voices concert. Walked back home with Jackie and Vanessa. Summer bucket lists? 


A million youths roam the country restless/ seeking release from their insular lives.


May 16, 2024
Missed our last econ pset, though perhaps we choose our battles. Lock in and do well on our finals. Met Sophia Emy for lunch at Hutch. Caught up over Saffron. Took a nap before American Cities. Went to Trader Joes for charcuterie materials. Picked irises. Showed Alexa our $3000 pitch deck. Said farewell to our seniors. Word games. Spicy mango lemonade. Felt genuinely happy for the first time in a bit. We’ve made something. Shower before sosc sprint. Dijon mustard. 


Jasonsmithdotcom told us that he’d been photographing for the university since 1990.
“You find the most peculiar things on itty bitty side roads” Conzen.


Community (At Least It Was Here) and we’re back to grabbing beef offal and congee with our mom at Tai Po Market two summers ago. There’s a sweet dampness in the air. In that summer heat we had so many dreams. 


Video series: 
Stranger approaches: what can I help you with?
Anatomy of an interview: who were your best friends and what happened to them?
Review channels we follow. Get some plants for a nice background.


May 15, 2024
Grabbed a Baker breakfast. Slept in. Applied for a Lolla pass. All’s well on Berrypalooza. Went down south. Alex Banayan emailed. The world’s at Woodlawn. Good to see so many familiar faces. Languished a little after dinner. Smores and a firepit. The Human Instrumentality Project. 


Mother Mother’s Ghosting. Out of paralysis, we’ve regained movement. The imperium sine fine is an existentialist position. Sandcastles. We are loved! We are loved! Momentous summer.


May 14, 2024
Dorothy Day. Bread commandment. Quick nap. Summer housing secured. Presented with Juli and Artem for Authoritarian Regimes. We’re doing alright. Grabbed a bartlett dinner with Nicole and Lucas. Stopped by ILC. Deep clean and grind tomorrow morning. 


Thou shall go out and break bread with strangers.
Miss writing things. This year passed so silently.
Best use of our money? Might really just be getting a new phone.


May 13, 2024
No trip up to Evanston. Maroon stuff. Lock in for our finals. Send stuff in early. Humane pin. A need for minimalist devices. Sudden thunderstorms. Authoritarian Regimes. Ran into Natalie. Ate with Audrey and Lucy. 


Venture: human voice licensing platforms?


May 12, 2024
Sent Yuto his pictures. Edited and sent in our summer breeze photos. Narrative Select could be a gamechanger. Kaya grad session. Went down South. Missed our meeting. Tired. Midnight yap session with Vanessa. 


Met a woman named Dot, who told us she was a photographer. Had no business card but showed us a picture of a plane she had in her wallet. I took that.


Song: Ghosting by Mother Mother.


May 11, 2024
Woke up early in the morning. Bus tour of Chicago. Sunny out. St Michael’s church. Went down to Pullman. Guang won 3000 dollars for amigo. Maybe we’re really going somewhere. Summer breeze. Aurora we did not see. Went down to the point. Stopped by Open Produce on the way back. Sat on the curb eating banana chips.


Trust in our friends more.
Find ways to win big money.


May 10, 2024
Hopped on a bus to the consulting symposium. Sears tower. Caffeine chocolates. Is this what we want to be doing? Caught up with Serg on the bus ride back. Tikkun olam with a sci-fi imagination. Two summers had entirely radicalized us—something about the soul must be saved. Roshaan. Claudia and Finn, Baker, Dinner. Garfield green line. Called Aboo on the L, showed her a view of the city. Say hi to granny. The rich hate noise! Urban sounds. Momotaro—took pictures for Alyssa’s birthday. David, our neighbor, showed up. Was actually so nice this time. Trampoline parks. We’re in the green. 


The horror of the cyborg is a visual image of the degree to which technology has intruded upon our lives. A fear manifested so viscerally in the mending of steel and flesh.


$350 over this week
$100 tmr and $300 on sunday
$750 enough for us to get our gear


Lubricate social interactions. 
We’re an oxford man


May 9, 2024
Rushed our macro pset, as is the usual. Rescheduled our lunch with James Evans. Leaving all of tomorrow for the consulting symposium. American cities. Sliced Bread x Phoenix Farms. Wished we beekept. No real words in Cocteau Twins! Albert Lasker. 


American settlers took on Indian names in their westward expansion. Michigan, Illinois, Chicago. Though they saw themselves as bringers of civilization, they could not stop the wilderness from manifesting within themselves. They feared the swamp and put the city on stilts. 1850, raised the very foundations of the buildings just to spare themselves. 


Quest.io fight depression tool. Independent small businesses around college campuses? 
Learn to write scripts as we write articles. The visual language of film is something we’d do well to understand. 


Think there’s something private and personal about writing as a way of recording an interview. 


May 8, 2024
Interviewed with Jacqueline for a housing job. Met with Dante. Interviewed for another housing job. Crashed and slept in Harris. Sent in Pike Pictures. Limbo-ah couple of days. Met with Guang for amigo, which has been on the back burner.


May 7, 2024
Woke up, grabbed two muffins from Baker before heading to Religion. Did our laundry. A real torrent outside during American cities. Palatable smoke. Carrot ginger bisque. Get out of the rot, we’re here to write and think about things. Back to basic functions. We’ll secure a plan for this summer. Call family. 


May 6, 2024
Finished our article on strings attached. Knocked out Maroon Arts stuff in Ex Lib. Met with Buyan. Rewrite this thing tonight. Set a deadline for tomorrow. Authoritarian regimes. Grabbed dinner with Olivia Rae and Francisco. Stopped by Doc—A24’s I Saw the TV Glow. Lunar Juice.


May 5, 2024
Went to scav with our two paintings. Met Francisco at Woodlawn. Took the 6 to the Gleacher Center. Led some Singaporeans on a tour of school. Grabbed a bite with Anderson at Bart. Met Nolan in the 15th floor reading room for our strings attached article. Cicadas.


May 4, 2024
Woke up. Went down to Ida to prepare bags. Moran helped us out. Took a lyft to Cermak. Augustin, our lyft driver. Chicago Commons. An open caged industrial elevator. Dropped our bags off. 88 Market. Chinatown. Met two Kazakhs. Field Museum. Private tour. The genus problematica. Pennsylvania’s Mazon Creek. Saw a fly preserved beautifully in amber. Go down to the skate park by Millenium Park some time. Hurried back to campus to take pictures for Pike. Grabbed Hutch. Slept. Stayed up and painted for scav. Hieronymous Bosch’s the Temptation of St Anthony. Saturn Devouring His Sons. 


May 3, 2024
Made Scallion pancakes for breakfast. Went down to Ida and moved bags. Walked back up North and crashed. A thousand people out on the quad, us in our room. Flank steak at Baker. Had a glass of warm water. Shot Moda with Moran. Lots of people there! Walked back to North. Bought extra space for our google drive. Uploaded our raws and sent them to Colin. UChicago on the New York Times. 
 
Today’s acquisitions: Cavetown, Of Montreal.
Start asking people to meals again. Pasta strat.
“We have reached that point” Paul Alivisatos.


May 2, 2024
We scrape by. Wrote to Buyan about rewriting our religion paper. Think we got frustrated about recent events. Dropped by Ida to talk with Bethany. Have a clear plan for this week now. Stopped by the maps collection. Gangs of Chicago. Conzen, an unfortunate resemblance to Eustace Bagges. A 125 paged term paper. Geography’s last stand. Recouped for a couple hours before Sliced Bread. Picked up two loaves from Medici. Bass, fish theory. Went back to North and made kimchi scallion pancakes. Called Chloe for her birthday. 


The most eager beavers.
Have to rise above subsistence, and maybe that means starving for a bit. 
A foucauldian “radical will to alterity”


May 1, 2024
Slow day. Chloe’s birthday in two. Watched Hellboy. Got out of bed. Took pictures of Yuto near Bond. Had a burger at Cathey with Ellie and Corinne. Mayday, Midsommar. Went to authoritarian regimes. Pop quiz—good thing we showed up to class. Grabbed food at Woodlawn with Niko and his friends. Hopped on a bus that went nowhere. Walked back to North. Need to R2A. Impending cicadapocalypse. Fries at fourth meal. Robert and Sequoia. Dropped by Scav. Familiar faces from IHouse. Collective effervescence.


Summer, let the cicadas rouse our souls.  
Skin-shed, externalize our internal convictions. 


April 30, 2024
Last day of April. Walked with Anaemilia to class. Positive and negative peace, two steady states. 60s inside the window, 70s outside the window. 2024 DNC a repeat of 1968? Appeal to people’s moral visions. Read through Allen Ginsberg’s Howl and his Kaddish. Photographed the encampment. Went out to the point for ILC. Roasted marshmallows. Minor setback with our essay—totally fixable though.


In pursuit of gold, our subterranean impulses, black lunged, soot covered.


April 29, 2024
Wrote a card for dad. Interviewed with the metra. Went to our sliced bread ed’s meeting. Breadies Only: Barbecue and Bevs. Tents pitched on the quad. Paul Alivisatos with a careful response. Crashed mid authoritarian regimes. Soup rouses the soul. Walked back up to North. Napped. Go and get some food. Dropped by the tents and hung out with the Maroon. 


Secure summer funding.


April 28, 2024
Found our lost ID in the laundry room. Had breakfast then went to the reg. Sent Mr. Ng a travel guide for Chicago. Walked back up to North. Wrote cards for mother’s day. Crashed and napped for a couple hours. Went to our RA meeting. Scallion pancakes for the week? Walked up to CVS and back. Classy Girls. Sat down with Ahtziri and Sho. Summer plans—signed up for the prairie. Manar’s candy. Put 50 dollars in as an investment. Allulose/ alternative sweeteners for Willy Wonka. Get a skateboard. Return AVS equipment tomorrow.


Negotiate a metcalf before May 11. 
Need to plot a chart now to Forbes 30 under 30. 


Summer goals: 
Make amigo happen.
Get a drivers license


What we’ve been thinking about is governance. Governance over ourselves and over the things we do. Synergize: use Sliced Bread and Sunshine Action as outreach for Amigo, we two-bird-one-stone. Make our insta 360 purchase and then acquire audio too. Hop on the interview grind. Make our start here in Chicago—we’ll rise to take back the East. Though we cannot make the sun stand still, yet we will make him run. 


Practically, what does this mean? Trying to cultivate a social media presence? Maybe—though we want a community that will follow us anywhere.


April 27, 2024
Cleaned up. Did our laundry. Ran into Jackie and grabbed breakfast at Baker. Visited the farmers market with Jackie and Milla. Dug through old photos. Get reimbursed for bread. Texted Chloe. We’ve really become a photo snob. Went to Hutch for some dinner. Hopped on a house trip to go see Fire FC against Atlanta United. Brady carried. 


Can we 1. Make sliced bread merch happen 2. Organize a senior send off. 3. Figure out club leadership for next year. 4. Summer sliced bread on the gram?


April 26, 2024
Had a good chat with Joe on our way out in the morning. Grabbed breakfast at Bartlett. Went down to Rubenstein to hear Sammy present on medical mycology. Research could be a cool thing to do—or maybe we just want to make posters. Beef and rice au jus at Woodlawn. Picked up the PA for our launch party. Dumplings were a good investment. Ceremonial loaf! Karaoke with Chad. Dropped by Camden’s party at Deke. Sat outside with Clancy for a bit. Walked to Sam’s for Fire Escape x OLAS. Met Avery at the party, who we walked back to Snitchcock at 2:00 in the morning. 


If ever we trade our fiery jaws for snow white hair, let the wind take us to unknown lands. 
God bless the evangelists. He who controls perception controls reality. 


April 25, 2024
Woke up and grabbed breakfast with Claudia. Dorothy Day. Gandhi did not grow up in India. Bro hates trains. Grabbed lunch with JJ. Pulled out an old hendecasyllabic verse. Sum suffenus, semper solus. Dropped by Reynolds to order our dumplings. Make purchases that will change how we live. Sat in the bond courtyard for a bit. Took headshots for Kathryn. Got our headshots done. Had soup with Lucy. Tim Han. Mag launch tomorrow. Run errands.


Offer people free headshots? Viral video content.


Have to get to the root of loneliness. (It’s not a lack of people to reach out to, it’s the difficulty in remembering to reach out.) Many solutions help people meet up, less help people build better and more sustainable friendships.


April 24, 2024
Went down to Baker. Worked on Haylon and submitted our MUNUC pics. Napped. Had some soup. Walked down to Harris for Authoritarian Regimes. Secure dumplings and the ceremonial loaf for Friday. Have to content farm. 


Sometime last summer our curated life came to a standstill. Think of the men who ditched their rags for California, we have to be hungrier. 


Film is a cinematic language—must vary clip length just as we vary sentence length.


April 23, 2024
Woke up to review for Macro. Think we did ok. John Ford’s The Searchers. Metra called for an interview. Emailed James Evans for lunch. La Bestia. Cheseborough, the inventor of Vaseline. Endangered species chocolates. Get to know Pranav from ILC. Having lunch with James Evans on May 10th. 


Railroads birthed stretches of cities along the west. 
The great roving beasts had no care for Easter.


We should write an anthology series.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Chesebrough


April 22, 2024
Stamps and grind. Signed on to shoot Moda. Left Authoritarian Regimes for the North RDs. Sushi. David Brooks dropped us his real email. Always ask “and then what happened”. Writing is about traffic control—structure is something we’re good at. Dan El Padilla Peralta, youth is wasted on the young. Hearing David Brooks made us think. Freighthopping.


Thou shalt persist like a snail. 
David Brooks doesn’t talk to anyone until he has 1000 words down on the page.


April 21, 2024
Woke up at 5 and took a lyft to the point. Shot scenes all morning. Went to take pictures for MUNUC. Finished and submitted our short film. Grabbed dinner. Went back for our RA meeting Zoomed Sunny. Cleaned up and went to bed. 


April 20, 2024
Made a cardboard walkie talkie in the morning. Spent the day shooting our short film. Conrad Gesners Fisch Buch. On a hunt for the white whale. Went to see strings attached. Flesh and blood.


April 19, 2024
Slept in. Caught up on sleep. Australia by the Shins. A series of immolations. We’ve been insular—have to get out there. Went to Noah’s for Boomcrash. Got Nolan on our project. 


Sliced bread merch. Senior send off at the point.
Infomercial for a demonic walkie talkie


The Whale: an invisible person finds that they can communicate with others via a walkie talkie. 
Act 1: Waves gently crash against the beach, two voices off screen talk about “the loneliest whale in the world”, who is cut off from other whales because it sings at a different frequency. The camera pans, and we see the back of “the whale” sitting on the beach. 
Act 2: The whale goes through their routine completely invisible to the people around them. He is so nonexistent that even his room is occupied by other people who don’t notice his presence.
Act 3: The whale finds a walkie talkie and plays with it. It makes static which others can hear. The whale realizes for the first time in their life that they might be able to get others to notice him. 


April 18, 2024
Did not wake up sufficiently early. Finished our macro assignment during religion. Hopped out of Macro to grab lunch with Christina at Medici. The L’Enfant plan. Walked back up to North. Prepped our soba broth. Did laundry. Lyfted to Trader Joes. Tuscan Pane and Cambonzola. Sliced Bread. We cooked. 


We have to be very concerned about greatness.  
In sylvan environs of Chicago.
JFK and Cicero were the same age when they became consul
We want times of crisis as a novus homo. 


A man named Cicero/ lived two thousand years ago/ in Ro-o-o-o-o-ome
Someday he will come back home/ come right up that dusty road/ in a ro-o-o-o-obe


Doctrine: Abortion kills, maybe certainly. But we kill too when we eat. On the whole, there is too little concern for life in modern living. The necessary lubricants of convenience—factory farms and sweatshops—demand death everywhere. Put simply, the non-vegan pro-lifer is a hypocrite; if they are proponents of life, there are greater and more immediate concerns. And for those who claim a speciality to human life, let it be said that our differentiation from animals is artificial. Tribalism cannot be an adequate moral framework in the 21st century. 


April 17, 2024
Woke up. Grabbed breakfast. Went down to Ida to pack food with Career Advancement. The cardboard box is something of a very particular construction, like a filet-o-fish. Grabbed food at Woodlawn. Dandelion fields. Napped. Parallel lives. RA inservice. 48 hour film fest—find ourselves a walkie talkie. Strings attached this weekend.


Dandelion fields/ Sunday I am gone again/ to the place where it all began/ Goodbye my friends
Consult Cicero for the life of a Novus Homo. Finding a mentor should be at the very top of our list of things to do. Go to Greece.


April 16, 2024
Took the day off. Fever subsided. Breakfast at the DNik table. We really ought to be here more. Berrypalooza returns. Go watch the cherry blossoms bloom. Aabir dinner. Plenty of water, life paths reconsidered. Exercise and stop being a lazy bum. Call our friends—the key is not having many, but having really good ones. 


Darkness is cheap.
Prep for the 48 hour film fest.
Chloe tells us our teeth are small.


Lollapalooza press this summer?
https://airtable.com/app6jLnaa2SNkcNit/shrzYSLe5Vf84C6Wi
Submit by July 8


April 15, 2024
Showered and went down to breakfast. Write out our paper. Went to our writing workshop. Yeah we might be out. Needed a little sickness to remind us of our mortality. Hope that we’ll treasure our good health when we’re feeling better! Fuck we actually did it—pulled a paper out of our ass. Called Aboo. The Pilgrim’s Progress. 


Fleet Foxes’ Crack-Up
Do comedy.


Song: Third of May/Odaigahara by Fleet Foxes.


April 14, 2024
Woke up at 6:00. Watched the sunrise out of the bathroom at 6:10. Raspy throat. 12 hours to write our religion paper. Give ourselves an hour to read both texts. Get quotes down by noon, and we get 4 hours to write out everything. We’re falling a little sick—our muscles seem tired. Are we finally going down? By 2, we have our sections. Fill out for the next 4 hours. Freaking hellish couple of days. Submitted our sosc paper. Submitted our stamps app. Applied to a couple of internships. Cooking chicken broth when Thomas called. Submitted events request for our SB launch party two Fridays from now.


The goals and methods are not always apparent. 
Work until 7:30 on religion
Submit stamps by 11
The American ritual of striking a strung up animal. 


April 13, 2024
Write to Joe, straight grind. Worked on our stamps app. Ran into Aidan Grogan at Hutch. Sat outside and had a really good convo in the courtyard. Greek 5 cheese spiral fiasco. Drink water so we don’t binge eat. Idled a little too much today. We can dig at it. 


Have to do stuff to prove. Website/video. Get a skateboard.


Notes from a conversation with Aidan: If we take the dating analog, minimize friction at all points. Call to auto-scheduler to meet. What we’re tackling is the challenge of turning matches into dates and the challenge of setting up a time to meet. 


April 12, 2024
Woke up and met with Bethany. Work on our Stamps application. Getting Sophie on our side could be big. Met with Andrea. Alex Banayan in Chicago?!! Look into the Possibility Festival this summer. Made eggs. Met Luke at Luke’s. Took a lyft down to Ming Hin. Karaoked. 上海灘. Dropped by Jimmys. Good convos with Roni and Yami. Suzume is on netflix.


Sucker for ethnographic research
Photography and journalism. 
Lady by the Sea.


“This is the stuff of life.” Spent too long being invisible. Have to catapult by doing things other people won’t. Have to realign our list of priorities though. Do enough to survive first. Deep clean our room this weekend, put all non-essentials into a box. If music be the food of love.


Building a personal brand includes making Amigo happen includes filming interviews with strangers. 


April 11, 2024
Woke up, finished and submitted our macro homework. Religion in the morning. Made moves. Let’s see where we go. We’re beginning to orient ourselves around meetings. Applied to be a housing assistant this summer. On-campus housing would be huge. We can make some money from offering people storage. Update with news about Nick Epley. 有危必有幾. Signed on for Big Think. Went to Target to grab snacks for Sliced Bread. Cuties, brownies, funions and veggie sticks. Got dressed. Went down to the planetarium. In too deep. 


Summer we’ll go swimming in the lake. 
The Redwalls of Chicago, after a 10 year hiatus. Peachbox Co.


Notes from Epley: Don’t think about the product, lean into novelty. Provide minimal information pre-meetup. Prompts are not what drive conversation. Minimize barriers, don’t meet up. Just call. 


“Billy Budd: On Touching and Being Touched Guest Speaker Event”
https://careeradvancement.wufoo.com/forms/k1dhvne204dvj6i/
Feels like we’re chopping off our legs to row faster. Non sine periculo. Excited for what strange new permutations come.


April 10, 2024
Showered and freshened up. We’ve got to go easier on the body. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Did our Haylon slides. Grabbed food with Anderson. Applied to a couple metra postings. Ask Nancy for help—just something to finance our stay here this summer. Updated Mom and Dad on our plans. Read Vonnegut for clarity. Honey butter sandwich before Authoritarian regimes. Still not sure how we feel about the class. Talked to Joe about the stamps scholar program. 


Saturday we travel through wormwood
And the bygones of our wonder years 
fade into rear view. Southwest of Joliet
the birds fly with impervious speed.


Forecast for this week:
2 meetings to nail—tomorrow with Nick Epley and Friday with Andrea.
Do our homework
Sources of summer funding: Chicago/Campus/Sunshine Action?
Chicago Review/TAPs. We just need to talk to a person. 
Wage-earning, freelancing, passive income streams.


Layer 1: we’re a matchmaking service that connects strangers to meet up.
Layer 2: we’re a service for that pairs serial killers with people looking to be euthanized
Layer 3: we’re a law enforcement tool for police to catch killers. 


April 9, 2024
Mayflower. Grabbed a Bombay grilled cheese from hutch. Ate on the quad. Submitted an application to the Shedd Aquarium. Dropped by Stuart. Amigo plans. Watched Dune.


April 8, 2024
Grabbed breakfast. Went down to the reg. Called mom and filled out the fafsa. Met up with Ryan, grabbed snacks at Target. Iced tea and some cheese and crackers. Walked over to the point to watch the eclipse on the rocks. Anderson. Took out our film camera. It’s noticeably darker. Slept. Made eggs. Thales of Miletus. Have to fix our lightroom. Wrote on Locke. 


The first warm day in a while—can’t squander, we’ve got to go supersonic. 
Think empires have risen and fallen. 


April 7, 2024
Breakfast with Moran. Went back to sleep. Sliced bread Ed’s meeting. Bunnies. Torment nexus. Slept. Shaved. Essential tasks—get ourselves back out there. Watched DPS with the gang. Yawp. Called Chloe. Teenage dirtbag. 


April 6, 2024
Picked up our laundry. Went down to woodlawn. Grabbed breakfast with Alec and Serg. A midwest Korean speech competition. Arirang. Took pictures for Angelysse. SNMS with Lola. Begging for food. Went back home. Charged our devices and collapsed. Ask Finn to hang out. Called Kary. Rehydrate. Finished the third door. 


These are an ambitious set of days.
Wikimedia map / star clusters. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JheGL6uSF-4


What cripples us? This deep sense of loss that we’ve come so far for nothing. Get over that. Be Mark here. Amigo—what are we about? Making people fearless for connection. Why are we to do it? Because we win over people well. 


April 5, 2024
Slept in. Grabbed breakfast with Rina. Dark they were and golden eyed. Went down to Booth for an excel workshop. The brightest minds of our generation... Went down to Conzen's office and signed ourselves up for Chicago. Grabbed a bite with Dylan at Bart. Paradigm shift. Called Krist from Hang. Sunset. Got casted for Big Think. Called Mom and Dad. Made hot cocoa and popcorn. Put our laundry in. Used chat to help ourselves code.


Notes from Dylan: Quest.io. Two ways to deal with people’s fear of rejection—there’s minimizing rejection, which two-way confirmation does. Then there’s tackling fear itself. Sometimes we just need a voice to tell us to do something. Scav-esque daily tasks? Bring back the third place. 


Notes from Krist: Figure out how to keep people engaged when there are no other users on the platform. Reaching critical mass is pretty hard. Ask the datamatch people why they only do it once a year.


Build the button. opentochat.io. Put up a game to keep users engaged when no one’s around.
Have to be here at UChicago: access to a college campus + summer programs to test and iterate our product. 


April 4, 2024
Finished and submitted our macro pset. We’re alive and good. Saw Amber. Urbs in horto. Grabbed insomnia cookies for Sliced Bread. Our book is out. Called Arhon. 


Browning was the ideal social ecosystem—you could go into any other person's room and it wouldn’t be weird. How do we recreate that? Widget that shows you your friends are free?
Do we go with the lonely ones or the social butterflies? Onboard frats and sororities?
Become a technical founder—we need to be nimble and iterate fast. Chat will help us out.
Spiegel Picasso. Product design and hustling if that’s where our strengths lie. 
Of course Aeneas has the advantage of being the son of love.


3 things that’s changed our lives in the past year: photography, talking to strangers, jumping into the CNVC. All from 2 summers, 1 summer living alone before college (we read industrial society and its future), 1 summer living in Hong Kong (living with our grandparents, seeing class, feeling trapped). Great radicalization taking place out of crippling loneliness, access to literature, and a will to change our lives. Mythos of Aeneas and James Gatz (bigness comes from smallness). Is consumer social the next stage of fighting original sin (human apathy?). 


To whom we owe: will park (influencer arc), thomas wang (hustling). Marx + freud. 
Hustle + shamelessness + delusion of grandeur


April 3, 2024
Ali Debow answered our linkedin request. Grabbed breakfast with Guthrie. Finished our Haylon Slides. Napped. Grabbed food at Bart. Talked to Diego about amigo—maybe we take the scav route. Authoritarian regimes. Talked to Carson. Eugene Debs, Vonnegut’s Hocus Pocus. Raining hard out. Fire drill. Meetings on meetings. Do macro PSET. Make pasta and eggs.


Cities on wheels. 
Make SB Merch
James Gatz, the son of dirt poor farmers in South Dakota.


Notes from a conversation with Carson: don’t go wide, go deep. Learn who our most dedicated users are, how they live, what they wear, what they eat. School profiles are different. UIC, DePaul are working-class commuter schools—people not there after 6:00. Need to know patterns, have initial users join the team. Consumer social as a right of passage.


April 2, 2024
Took a couple hours out of the day to nap. Man, we’re spent. Called Thomas. Revelations: We don’t want to work for a battery company. We’ve clawed our way to the starting line, now we’re here at 20. Thiel fellowship. Applied to be an audience member on Big Think. 


Keep track of interesting strangers we talk to. 
Amigo doesn’t have to be an app—start with a google form. 
Friends can buy mutuals’ coffee for them to get together. 
We’re talking about a matchmaking service.
Website was a smart ass move.
Need to think exponentially, bite off more than we can chew. 


https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoXFc93Xw_HbakY7Kg_hK2RRvQNlOZTeIr3Q5Vx7TaRZA_ew/viewform
Amigo v1. Genius marketing strat. Buy coffee in exchange for pictures.


Ali Debow. https://www.joinswsh.com/
Realization: we can’t be here in Chicago this summer, we have to be in NY and hitting people up. Escape this Tatooine. Have to gatsby ourselves. 2-3 hours of sleep yeah we’re definitely suffering from mania. 


Roadmap: Emily Wheeler to Ali Debow. Zofia Kernier to Ali Debow. 


April 1, 2024
Made a website. Spoke with Paul. Grinded and submitted our application for Polsky. Medici with Oliver. Garbage pizza. Oliver connected us to Carson and Krist from Hang. Seoul Taco with Daniel. Spicy pork tacos. Went back home and just collapsed. 


March 31, 2024
Called mom and dad. Edited Kate’s pictures. Agape, brotherly love we say let there be no division of classes. Easter. Where would we be without Hong Kong last summer? Ukrainian snack box. Sent Kate her pictures. Sam Walkton’s story. Slept and dreamt because we were so tired. Gaudi in LA. Mocked up a couple designs of amigo with illustrator. 


We’re going to change the world.
爱米购. @uchicago.edu.
We have something to prove to Dante. 


March 30, 2024
Woke up at 8:30. Talked business with Guang. Windy ventures founders brunch. Saturday night meal swipe with Vanessa. Took a lyft to Dawson to photograph Kate’s birthday party. Took the blue line and the 6 back after midnight. Ran into a couple skaters by Federal Plaza.


Emily Wheeler asked us what we’ve observed from human behaviour while photographing—the truth? That people can become entirely invisible. Promise ourselves we’ll be so big.


March 29, 2024
And perhaps we change the world. Brunch with Guangxinyang that could change everything? We’re not really strangers, syzygy—we jump on this opportunity. Talked to over a hundred strangers today. Delicia and Lobo. Fucked ourselves over with Dante, but maybe necessary. Hosanna down at the A level. Guildenstern and Rosencrantz are dead. Shadow puppets. Scheduled a meeting with Paul.


Nick Epley
Kristina and Paolo from DNik. 


Offered Guangxinyang to stay with us in connecticut. 
Basic drivers of human behavior: food and sex.


March 28, 2024
Woke up at 8:00 to finish our macro pset. Religion. Ran into Alec as we came out of Kent. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Imagineer extraordinaire. Pick hall. Acquired a phonebook of fellows from the British American project. Cities as living embodiments of time. Did 20 pushups. Our ribs are a good sore. Bought tickets to the planetarium second year formal—think of social events necessary expenditures. Windy ventures. Went to hear from Andrea at cpgd.xyz. Sliced bread. Pick Asa’s brain. Did our laundry. Ran down to the midway and back. Patron of the arts. Made good with Gabby. 


Technology conducts infantilization. There will always be a nostalgia for analog, and respect will always be given to the authenticity of pen and paper. Get a ledger.
“I dare you to think to carve a pig’s head and make it vessel of rum or otherwise”


Secure second year formal gig, talk to COUP. 
Sunday bins thrift some outrageous fits. 
Silly but never worry about a lack of rizz. Don’t settle. People have been into us that are soo pretty! Remind ourselves what we’re looking for. 
Even when we don’t waste time, we have so little time. 


The western, into savage lands, an existentialist commandment with so much machismo. To carve something out of this red earth. To act imago dei. To manifest some sort of destiny—which of course is a fictitious mythos. Land does not belong to anyone. It will outgrow us in blooms that know no boundary between us and it. It will bury us. It will absorb us. Nevertheless we run naked.


March 27, 2024
Again, the roving herds of visitors on the quad. Practice cold calls with people we know in consulting. Exeter + here. Chatted with Josie about Sliced Bread’s future. Le nouveau régime. On the Maroon Staff page. Went down to Logan to help Joseph with Firebird’s layout. Numbered SB pages, sent the book to the press. We’re small but we exist now. Dinner at Bart with Sam. Moved to Harper. A thousand ways to make $1000. Guerilla filmmaking on micro-budgets. Luke led us to the Alumni directory.


Alumni pages might get us some place.
Spend this weekend doing that. 
Talk to James about Ted through TEDxChicago?
. 
Sliced Bread: elections might be the smartest thing we’ve come up with. It incentivizes incumbents to work to keep their positions, and helps us identify eager newcomers. 


March 26, 2024
Religion. No circles, no change. Gustavo Gutierrez. Started reading the third door. Look into Dim Order. Tim Lee and Ben Wong. A24 contact with Haley. Blunderbuss. Went to American Cities. Galena and lead. Museum towns. The range of the buffalo. Call mom, call dad, call aboo. Julian, the Rapoports, driven out of Italy into Eastern Europe. Julia Ernst, we’re not really strangers. Booked an appointment with counseling. Fight this sleep thing, we need more productive hours. Music map. Caught Lara in Woodlawn. Went to Ida—our first contacts in publishing. Sent our first cold email to Julia Ernst. Hit 80 pushups. Today was a good day. 


https://www.byjuliaernst.com/about


The earliest American cities took root as articulation points of conquest. The English in the Northeast, the French to Mississippi, and the Spanish all along the Gulf of Mexico. Built their cities on Indian towns, drove the Indians out. So find old maps with Louisiana scrawled over swathes of Illinois. 


Borrowed credibility: Chicago Maroon. 
We’re not so far from where we have to be. 
Entrepreneurial attributes: we are creative, persuasive, we politick for solutions, we can plan and manage. We are patient with people. 
Non-entrepreneurial attributes: non-persistence, inconsistent carry through, mood swings.
How to fix? Rid ourselves of our poverty mindset—money is to be made, not saved. 


Song: Like Gold by Vance Joy. 


March 25, 2024
Stayed up late last night. Slept in. Woke up and went down to Baker. Alec. Fish and Chips. Sat in Harper for a bit. Napped to Diplo’s Daylight. Had an emergency meeting with Lauren over Sliced Bread’s annual allocations. Jian Park, how do we tunnel this. Went to our Authoritarian Regimes class. Met with Josie. Napped. Made pasta and did our sosc reading with Lola. Rose made her eggs. Two people were fucking with the lights on in Behar. Blinds open, in full view of the DNik Kitchen. Gratitude journal. Brushed our teeth. 


We’re grateful for this pasta and for the company of our good friend Lola. 


Out of this quickly vanishing past.
Sliced Bread wants to be a real boy. 
Song: Emmylou by First Aid Kit. 


March 24, 2024
Went to have some food at Baker. Omelette and eggs. Courtney published our first artist features.  Went to the reg and grinded out our book. Get in that boat and row. Haylon. Apply to jobs. Went down to IHouse with Kelly. Devin and Serg. Stayed up playing mafia. Had a chicken katsu. Cut the sugar. Go to bed. 


Interview people with WNRS cards
Our enemy is fragmentation of thought. Discontinuity. 
We are parallel stars lunging towards the abyss. 


March 23, 2024
Grabbed breakfast with Ha and Rachel. Audiobooks on Spotify. If everyday we just smile a little wider. Put listerine back in our hair. Week by week. Grinded out three hours in CSIL with Ashley. Made the Sliced Bread cover. Went up to 53rd with Ryan. Ate at eto’o. Was really decent. Bought a copy of We’re Not Really Strangers: consider it an investment. Called mom and dad. Had some huge meringues. Did 60 pushups—we were able to do 30 in a row today. 


Strength: took us two days to prep for an investment final we knew nothing about, 
we’re good at absorbing information. A little persistence will get us in time. 


Why business? Fear and enterprise. What’s the fear? Fear of not enterprising. 
If we think the meaning of existence is imposition on one’s environment.
A mandate to act in imago dei. We will go nowhere with split forks. 


Dreamt that we were in the lobby of a building downtown. Had opened up our notebook to plan for consulting recruiting. Some guy dropped by and offered us some advice. We told him that we would not let him down. 


March 22, 2024
Zoomed Sunny and Monica. Showered. Grabbed breakfast with Moran. Teabag in honey water. Snowfall. Sat in Harper Cafe for a bit. Grabbed dinner at Woodlawn. Went to watch Fight Club. Felt a little down when we returned home. Called Lara and Maya. 


See the world change and perhaps the stars do make their return. 


March 21, 2024
Did pushups in the morning. Sore the arms. Grabbed breakfast at Bart. American cities 2. Had an hour long good chat with Nancy. Would kill to do product or sales at a place with name recognition. Dedicate this weekend to applying for Jobs. Met Ari Wilson at Bartlett. Jordan Peterson and Lex Fridman. Aquarium house. Walked down to Harper for our Sliced Bread meeting. Dead Poets Society reenactment. Let people take the hand on social events. 3 Body Problem.


Of course, Midori asks Watanabe the critical question: “where are you now?”
Newsletters: see the slop dropping from a mother’s mouth into her gaping newborn. Information regurgitation.


Song: Chicago by Flipturn. On a recommendation from Jackie. 


March 20, 2024
Spoke with Peter about our trek. Called Dante. Frederic switched into our Authoritarian regimes class. Equinox. Golden rays like tendrils stretched towards the East. Went to our HRL staff meeting. Applied to Red Bull. Write cover letters. We can work for the CTA this summer. 


Feel the body dull numb and awkward. At least our mind is relatively intact. 
How do we build up again?
Things that go towards a good life
Waking up at 8:00am (need a hard bedtime)
Hitting the road and running. Night runs. 
Youth is a valuable thing. Nothing is set in stone so long as you are young. 


March 19, 2024
Aubergine suit. Might look to switch out of our SOSC? Make life easier. Book of mountains and seas. The Vorrh. An Englishman teaching our American Cities class. Starting with the Pre-Columbian cities, Teotihuacan. Michael from Singapore and Scarlett from Wopo. Need to hang out with people. Find plans for this summer. 


I grew up in the northeast of England, near Hadrian's wall. When I was a boy, I always enjoyed crossing into Scotland. Just because it was slightly more foreign territory/ I’ve always had a fascination with horses. Where would humanity be without it?/ Why I majored in geography was very simple, my father was a geographer. 


What are the accelerants and retardants of urban growth? “Land is cheap” leitmotif of urban development in the United States


CHAT GPT is a linguistic self. Someday artificial will cease to be a value judgment, it will only denote origin. We’ve said this before/ Our syzygy last year, when the sun fell close to the earth, was during the equinox, when the sun aligned with the east west midway plaisance/ The boat will straighten when it comes to shore/ Mars and America, redlands, new frontiers. “Space cowboys”. A well defined morality in the western. To settle in the barrens is an existential statement. 


March 18, 2024
Snowflakes in the morning. Ate at Baker. Walked down to Harper to grind out in the Stuart cubicles. Ryan, Isabella, Jack and Francisco in our Authoritarian Regimes class. Prof used to know Navalny? Grabbed dinner at Woodlawn. Pancake clouds and Chicagohenge. Grabbed some ice cream from Target. Impractical jokers.


Winnetka bowling league. Stereophonics. 
How much our life changed with a good camera on our phone. 
Studio room and interviews. Get our mojo back! Gonzo journalism.
Anabasis. The Autumn of the Patriarch. Illustrated man. 


Signed on for Kate’s birthday party next Saturday, 7 months of our adobe subscription. 
Go down to grab Chicagohenge 


March 17, 2024
Went to Bartlett for lunch. Grabbed 4 courses. Did laundry. Had dinner at Baker with Vanessa. Snipped our hair. Must have slept for 12 hours today. Spring quarter, Q6, here we go. 


March 16, 2024
Woke up and packed our things. Left for the airport with Ashley and Niara. Ready to go home. Mexico was rough on our body. Finished Siddartha on the plane. Waterloo Sunset. Pink waves over Lake Michigan. 6 flashing lights in the distance. Lyfted back with Adam. Showered. Slept.


Exhausted the self so that we could become anew. We’ve become quiet. Build up again. Don’t mess around, if we find someone we really like, invite them to picnic out on the quad. 


March 15, 2024
Last day of visits. Entropia.ai. Bunch of guys from Itam. Got back to the hotel for Kigui, food waste cashback. Crashed. Took a little nap. Took an uber with Grace to Fundacion after missing the bus. Vines and dangling lights. End of trek. Took a nap and cleaned up before heading over to Belen’s. Fragmented clouds aglow. Met Belen’s family. Ulpe. Tacos and Mariachi. Jose Miguel. Practiced our Spanish. Red hot sauce candies. Found our way back to the hotel by two ubers. Stomach was bloating and we decided against going out. Slept.


In the deep dark pit/ with the drip drip drip/ the hour falls and slips and splits/ water gathers round the mouth/ as eagles fly on south. 


March 14, 2024
Papaya and milk for breakfast. Alote. HSBC. Propaga, microfinancing Mexico’s corner store. Bees and honey. Extracting value is a game of finding pains. See startups as an avenue by which the world heals itself. Hotel lunch. Chicken in a tangy sauce, tortilla soup, and great cake. Showered. Went out with the group to Chinatown. Took an uber to Belen’s in Hidalgo. Found ourselves chatting with Guadelupe, the groundskeeper. Took an uber back. Hung out with the people in Simon’s room. 

Time is of a malleable substance. 
“Storied” is the word we’d like to describe ourselves. 


March 13, 2024
Woke up at 6. Showered before grabbing breakfast. The probiotic strat. Santander. Lunch on a patio. Had a great time talking with Sofia and Nico from digital keeper. Grabbed their instagrams. Visited Bimbo’s bread factory. Showered at the hotel before heading out for the evening. Walked with the group to a vintage store in Condesa. Had tacos. Met the rest of the group at Cafe de Nadie. Francisco’s scorpion mezcal. A run-in with cops. Salsa’d. Gabriel Daudy! Midnight oxxo with Anthony, Carlos and Valeria. Montezuma’s revenge.


On one side, thousands of donuts hurled towards plastic bodies, on the other, suits, ties, and white hairnets found themselves curved on warped metal sheets. 


March 12, 2024
Morning, packed and checked out of our airbnb. Took the metrobus to Le Meridien. Set out for breakfast. The air became hostile, our eyes kept tearing up. Showed mom El Cardena. Walked around the historic center, by the Palacio Nacional and the ruins of the old temple. The sun was blinding. Made it to the post office before our eyes closed up. Recuperated with mom in a coffee shop opposite Bella Artes. Sipped on some horchata. Passed through Chinatown on our way back to the hotel. Grabbed a last meal of various tacos close to Chinatown. Met Trek people at La Sirloneria. Sent mom off to her uber. Recouped. Went to bed. 


March 11, 2024
Woke up early. Took the red metrobus down to El Centro. Had breakfast at a local diner, some Huevos Rancheros. Hopped on a bus for the pyramids. Barrios on the outskirts of the city. Las Montagnes. Had some pulque made from agave. Spent our day out among the rocks and nopal. Snacked on a piece of bread. Got super tired on our way back. Rested for a bit at a starbucks and recharged. Had dinner at Taqueria Orinoco. A- on micro we’ll take it. Two layers of sunscreen and we still got burnt. 


The temple of the sun and moon are oriented towards the pleiades/ in colombia in veracruz in bolivia there is a mountain with the face of a man/ his thumb points up at those stars and they think it’s where we come from/ in the year 1590, montezuma confused cortes for god. brought silver and gold to meet him/ butterfly, in spanish we say mariposa, in indian language we say papalote.


Meta: The goal of our short lived getting comfortable series was threefold—get comfortable with how we look on camera + get in the habit of posting + learn to tell engaging stories. Maybe our best path forwards is to figure out good content and go from there. We don’t want to make content, we want to make art.


Memento: Have to get away from these neurodivergent tattooed bisexual asian/wasians!!! They are not good for us!!! 


March 10, 2024
Linked up with Andre. Went up to Polanco for El Cardenal. Families grabbing Sunday brunch, dimsum-esque. Had concha and chocolate, then a chilaquiles rojos. So rich. Took an uber back. Love how the greenery meshes with concrete—and the graffiti! Mom arrived. Street tacos. Went to the national anthropological museum. Saw the sundial and eight-fanged snakes. Ikker Larauri’s paintings. Went to Entremar. Tostadas de atun. Stopped by a Walmart for some groceries. Kefir. Walked much today. Evening calm, the purple Jacaranda trees.


Snippet: Morning the coffee shops and roads under canopy of trees. The dog walkers and runners and cyclists. Drivers only play 2010 hits.


March 9, 2024
Packed. Went to Valois to eat with Yuto. Michael Moran! Got ourselves two eggs, hash browns, and coleslaw. Fries were good. Wet T-Shirt contests. Carpooled with Minseo to O’Hare. Ran into Rina and Belen, who were on the same flight as us. Passed the time with Siddartha, a very appropriate read to round off Q5. A deviation from the ascetic life can be one of learning nonetheless. Infinite jest. Got stuck in customs. Took an uber to our airbnb. Building mixup, pulled out the necesito wifi. Thank god for everyone who taught us Spanish. Sleep and rest up. Go get some food tomorrow. 


Taqueria Orinoco. 


Actors, writers, and all manners of artists clamber to stowaway in other’s minds. A fear response to oblivion—they cannot forego the self. There’s something masturbatory about it—the universe exists only to be perceived. And we are a vox clamantis in deserto.


March 8, 2024
Early in the morning we set out. Grabbed breakfast with Emily Curran. Caught up with JD. We’re done in an hour. Little puddles outside Stuart. Finished our investments mock final in the basement before we took on the real thing. Did we clutch up? 安河桥北. Where we at? Went down to Chinatown. Called Aboo. 墨西哥包, 小也要做老闆. Did laundry and watched altered carbon. 


We’re done. Take a little nap + some good food tonight before we start grinding again. 
Figure out this summer. Nothing of prestige, Francisco of Asissi. 
Earnestly we prostrate ourselves before the victorious conqueror.


Do laundry + pack. 
Rode Wireless Go 2.


March 7, 2024
Grabbed a nice breakfast. Grinded out micro. Cream of chicken soup. Went back to North and took a nap. Clutched up on religion. Got our first A. Learned the CAPM. Efficient Markets! 


Problemista, Sliced Bread, Yolk.
Spring: make our room a studio. Plants + lighting + stuff on the walls to film as a background.
Song rating account. Start with tiktok then go to instagram. 


Machiavelli, somewhere a beast stuck in a trap moves frantically and gnaws its legs off. But Paul Atreides, his hand in the death-box, stands completely still. Great for him. This quarter’s been too tough. We’re glad to be seeing mom in a couple days. Ferris, Holden, Igby—they’re with us when we’re all thoughts. 


March 6, 2024
Grabbed breakfast and caught up with Rohan. Grind out, going to be a crazy 48 hours. Switch gears around 8 tonight. Installed Microsoft office—maybe one of our biggest steps forward. The adults are talking. Of Vonnegutian substance. Indifference curves are some crazy stuff. Went down to Baker to eat. Cheesecurds, we're a sentimental bastard. Read Cat’s Cradle. Moved to micro. Pick investments back up tomorrow. 


The businessman gave everything he had to the observatory and left nothing for his wife and kids. After learning of the sun’s explosion in 3 billion years, he thought it paramount for humanity to get to the stars.


March 5, 2024
Woke up. Grabbed brunch. Heart of steel. Sosc essay ended up being a buzzer beater. Grabbed some snacks from the RDs. “Hey look ma, no hands!” 16 personalitied ourselves. 


Compile a list of fonts. Look into typography. 


March 4, 2024
Went down to Booth for our last CNVC class. Dropped by Reynolds, then back to North. Called Lucy about UI/UX design. Worked on our sosc essay. Went with Aviral, Soph, and Anna down to primal scream. Flashes and Bartlett. Went by Max P and Bart for some food. Saw Devin for the first time in a while. Ran into Bianca. 


Summer we’ve got to be here in Chicago. One month to figure stuff out and come up with a convincing plan for Dyno. Use the summer to become a lifeguard and learn to drive.


Doctrine: The mind is potential. The body is a realization of potential. Technology is the efficiency of that realization. Take painting, the mind conjures an ideal, from which the hand produces an image. The paintbrush defines the ease of producing that image. With the advent and ever increasing accessibility of new technologies, see the ease by which our dreams turn flesh. 


Dyno the calendar-journal. Notes app straight to dyno. Tell compelling stories about the self.
AI content generation for compiling and sharing memories. Turn everyone into their own content creator. 


Song: Flapper Girl by the Lumineers. 


March 3, 2024
Went for a morning swim. Grabbed brunch at Roux with Rodrigo, Leyla, Minseo and Enzo. Found ourselves in Harper. Caught up with Noah. Think of something to do through Polsky. Boiled milk. Sleep meditated. Read the Bodhicaryavatara. Went out for a midnight run. 


Just a week until Mexico.


Have to believe that the day can always be saved.
Water, get off our bed, open the window, stop drifting. 
Cow of plenty. 


March 2, 2024
Day 2 of being comfortable with filming ourselves. Marked out our day on Tweek. Grabbed smoothies at the Dean Commons. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Cleaned up our room. Stop the rot! Listened through the Lumineers’ debut album. Made pasta for lunch. Called Josie. Made pasta for dinner. Made pancakes. Finalized our metcalf stuff. Go thrifting sometime for new digs—make purchases of audio visual equipment. Do our pushups. 


Scoured Excel. Use the Exeter directory to find people. Warner Bros.
Mino Lee, Eileen Lifts. UGC. 
We need to work on voice and presentation. 
The formula might be about getting jacked.


For fear of elevator doors closing like jaws of death. Vitruvian man.
Song: Dead Sea by the Lumineers. 


March 1, 2024
First of march. Talked to Katie, met Bethany. Plans for a Sunshine Action-Career Advancement collab this Spring. Attended a virtual press conference with A24’s Julio Torres. Went down to Booth for the CNVC finals. Fugue state, hit the road. Ran and went for a swim. Attempted fourth meal. Chance meetings and little talks. Ended up grabbing an almond croissant and hot chocolate at Pret. Lynkr won big today. Helped Arhon with the rest of his essays. 


Get to know Ryan Xie. @ryanxietv
Master short form content; start going out and doing parodies:
OOTD, kiss or slap, what song are you listening to?
Start running and reading again. 
Lav mic + 360 camera. 


No marketable skills but we’re persistent, bold, and hungry. We side quest. We outreach, we take new paths. Disappear a couple years; come back a millionaire. James Gatz. 


February 29, 2024
Went to Religion. Submitted our micro pset and took the day off. Went back to North and watched the Great Gatsby. These sunsets. Grabbed milk and cookies for our Sliced Bread meeting. Thought of the milk and lamb we had once in the desert. Made pasta and experimented with candied lemon slices. Was a monster of a dinner. Egyptian black tea. Picked up clean sheets. Good leap day. Hopped on a call with Thomas and Arhon. Stayed up and helped Arhon with his college apps.


If we ever get frustrated with the speed at which we’re moving, look back to where we started. A beauty to do things in analogue. To write for a newspaper or to host a radio show. Chicago, this Tatooine. We’ll find ourselves back at the center of the universe. 


The universe is something that sees itself!


February 28, 2024
Woke up. Went down to Hutch to talk printing with Lauren. Met with Paul about Polsky, then Katie about summer plans. Grabbed some soup at Bart. Made a target trip for shrimp scampi. Madeleines. Went to our all staff meeting. Chef Toby took over. Max Blansjaar, Audio Antihero. Brought home a lemon. 


February 27, 2024
We’re tired. The sunlight’s nice though. Took pictures for Lekha. Grabbed soup at Baker following religion. Sat in a windy spot for micro. Ate with Natalie in the hutch courtyard. Idled on the quad. Ellie’s rosy glasses. Went to our trek orientation in Ida, then Firebird. Grabbed dinner with Francisco before going home. Shower and clean up. Traded clear skies for thunderstorms. Got Lola to go to fourth meal with us. The eugenics of bananas. 


Nostalgia for winter. We miss Culver’s. 
Hours spent idling on the quad, give not into aimlessness!


February 26, 2024
Woke up. Zoomed Josh for our writing consultation. Went back to bed. Relentless sleep. Made 柠茶. Had lunch with Alec. Section out 2 hours each day to work on investments. 顽童. Went on a little music marathon with Vanessa. 


This morning, some feeling we can only call a gnawing numbness. Will the Wombats bring us back? We’re in our head trying to mold ourselves again into becoming. A cut-up lip. We write treatises on self, perception, reality; time, randomness, intelligence; hunger and drive. Yolk, Whale, Dog in our head. And outside, the quad comes back alive again. Visions of spring feed eternal sunshine. 


Realize that we need so much to make Sliced Bread happen. Even just the question of consistent issues—really just have to get our first one out. We need a team of dedicated editors—figure out how we can effectively communicate.


Song: Waterloo Sunset by the Kinks.


February 25, 2024
Stayed up last night to finish Silver Linings Playbook. Finished our RA interviews. Empanadas for lunch. Crepuscular rays. Kind of fucked up our sleep. We need to type. Conan O'Brien. John Oliver. Watched the sunset. Angelysse wants us to take her grad photos. Two weeks till Mexico. Rebels of the neon god. Charcoal drawings. 


Tweek needs a reassign unfinished tasks option.
In deep sea coral, we fly to unknown countries.


Winter reduced us again to the child we are. Stripped away the body to find that flicker of light in us so soft. A thousand screams out into the dusk from below the mound. We engage in no vice but indulgence of the heart. Stop writing to die, start writing to live. 


Song: Afterglow by Ed Sheeran. 


February 24, 2024
Woke up to our second set of RA interviews. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Moved to CSIL to lay out Sliced Bread. Keith haring the doodles, bubble gum the title. Caught up with Fredric over hutch. Made a stop at bartmart. Spaghetti strat, don’t let him cook! Sunset over a grateful universe. Cyantotype t-shirt prints. Cut our hair and cleaned up. Layed out some pages with indesign. 


A bird red, raw like new shorn antlers.
Afford ourselves to dream again.


February 23, 2024
Grabbed brunch with Sophia. Had a horchata at Hallowed. Went back to North and napped. Walked up to CVS to pick up our cream. Had some awesome butternut squash at Bart. Decided to ditch the writer’s conference to go see A24’s Problemista. Caught up with Clancy on our way down to Ida Noyes. Blizzard as we left the theater. Ran back for our first set of RA interviews. Clean up! Do homework so we’re up on next week. 


February 22, 2024
Woke up and got dressed. Went to Religion. Tragoedia, goat song. Finished up our micro pset. Went to a Maroon editing session to push out Briston Maroney. “Triumphant thrusts” was a no go. Had lunch with Natalie. We should ask her to hang out. Said yes to working with Haylon this spring. Our hands made barrels of a binocular. Scheduled a meeting with Paul. Had a good chat  with Lehka. XKCD: Sheeple. Could go see Problemista tomorrow. 


Arrived at the same ethnic result by different avenues.
Thomas Wang, Daniel, Will and Us. The lineage is a question of fathers. 
We assert ourselves because we are reminded of smallness, those who have never felt that way will never get it.


February 21, 2024
Slept in. Had lunch out on the quad with Serg, Alec, and friends. Weather in the 60s, we meandered. Mariachi from the North window cleaners. Finished Pluto and went down to eat at Baker. Called Aboo out on the quad. So quiet and nice out. Had some dimsum from HKSA’s mahjong night. Caught up with Adan in the courtyard. Started watching the Holdovers. Walked down to Booth and helped Martina run through her pitch. Grabbed a little fourth meal. Called Zara. Stayed up and finished the Holdovers.


Get back in the pool this spring. 


February 20, 2024
Grabbed a small breakfast with Lola before Shantideva. Weather was nice and we sat outside for a little bit. Went to micro. Drafted our Sliced Bread letter from editors. Had a really nice lunch with Peter out on the quad. If only we were a more competitive rat. Went to Firebird. Walked back to North with Joyce. Had a baker dinner. 


To become aware of the nature of perception is to introduce distance to reality. The floaters, the darkened rim of our peripheral vision remind us of the act of “seeing”—we think it artificial. 


Meta: Yapping so much this week but we might just be a little upset this week. 
Song: idk shit about cars by Evan Horner.


February 19, 2024
Grabbed breakfast. Went down to student wellness and did a physical. Baker marathon with Ellie and Corinne. Bigelow’s biggest fan. Never yield to big time. Stopped by Vanessa’s birthday celebration. Nothing Bundt Cakes: White Chocolate Raspberry. Banged out and submitted our Briston Maroney article. 


We’re back to basic operations, survival mode. Rein ourselves in and just finish out this quarter.
This idea of asserting ourselves against nature. This little hubris to be in imago dei. Call that manifest destiny, call that exodus, call that Aeneas. Tendencies of evangelism from rawness of experience. 


February 18, 2024
Showered, did laundry, cleaned up our room. Met up with Martina at Booth. Went downtown and interviewed strangers for Trackpatch. Martina showed us her place downtown. Ran into Leo and Crystal at the Van Buren metra station. The moon, this hole, the sky. Took the train back home. Ruka gave us some tough love—we’re leaving this Skylar stuff behind.


February 17, 2024
Woke up for our Campus Catalyst interview. Two nice convos today: Louis about animation studios, Francisco about just everything. Think we have a good understanding of ourselves? Cheese in Ida Noyes. 2 hours of talking to potential RAs. Alec’s birthday at Il Porcellino’s. Had a shrimp scampi. Went back to Francisco’s room and talked. The Bhagavad Gita. How we oscillate. “Right action is without selfish attachment to outcome”


Notes on our convo with Louis: Creativity Inc. The Story of Pixar. Matthew Luhn’s How to Leverage Hollywood Storytelling in Business. Starting one’s own animation studio. Kubo and the two strings, manual techniques in animation. 


February 16, 2024
Showered. Called Sunny in the morning. Hippo campus brought us back. Published a cool cat. Made playlists. Paul interviewed us about Polsky. Had a really great talk with him. Ran into Sasha at Bart. Ever thought about tumbleweeds? Submitted our pre-regs. Had dinner with Isabella, it was nice to catch up.


Happy: Noah Kahan, Mt. Joy, Rainbow Kitten Surprise, Hippo Campus, Slaughter Beach Dog
Sad: Sufjan Stevens, Neutral Milk Hotel, Lumineers, Car Seat Headrest


February 15, 2024
Rough start to the day. Rein ourselves in. Went to religion. Finished and submitted our micro homework. Sliced Bread meeting was just us, Sammy, Sasha and Thomas. Sipped on some tea with Thomas. Went back home. Past couple days haven’t been super intelligent.


February 14, 2024
Ash wednesday. Woke up to an essay from Skylar. Bhagavad gita and Chloe? We crashed. Watched the most magnificent sunset from our room. It calmed us down. Showered. Went down to our staff meeting. Finished and submitted our essay. Called Kary again. 


February 13, 2024
Woke up and called Dad. Updated him about all the great stuff we’ve been on. Went to religion. Got a long text back from Skylar. Had a great time talking to Taka-san from NHK though. Interviewed with Darius from Leagueswype. Called Kary. Got so upset that we ended up calling Chloe. Made pity pasta. Take a break and just focus on doing our stuff—build the garden.


February 12, 2024
To greener pastures. Talked to Dante from Haylon. Grabbed lunch with Oia and friends, then Bianca. Bit the bullet and got ourselves an adobe subscription. Ran into Rhea as we left investments. Got her to send us “You. Me. Her. Fish. Uncle”, which we saw at our first Theater 24. Sergio and Devin. Met with Martina. Something about agave farmers. Got our micro midterm back—it’s definitely doable. Scorcese’s Raging Bull. 


Trials for a real hustler:
Sell a pen to a stranger
Start a campus food delivery service
Make money selling goods at a premium


February 11, 2024
Slept in. Woke up and went to Ed’s. Grabbed pasta from bartmart. Picked up our shoes. Took a nap. Met with Ruka. Watched Scott Pilgrim. Submitted our Campus Catalyst app. The Half of It. Showered and cleaned up. Think Less! So it goes. 


Song: End of Beginning by Djo.


February 10, 2024
Woke up. Hopped on a bus and went down to Chinatown for some Ming Hin. Had a good chat with Zane. Took the red back with Rina, Belen and Jackie. Rested a bit before heading to CSIL for Sliced Bread. Edited our photos for Briston Maroney. Went down to South. Alexa offered us some cuties and baby cheeses. Followed her to a lunar new year’s party at Solstice. Saw many of our friends. Went to Yuk Sum’s. 


How long is the issue?
He’s a little guy, but he will exist.


February 9, 2024
Had breakfast with Ruka at Bart. Walked down to Cathey to eat with Olivia Rae. Did our laundry before going out with Skylar. Briston Maroney. Awkward evening. Called mom. Two ziplock bags to ice it out. Made a visit to the ER. Long night.


February 8, 2024
Religion. Ate with Lola at Bart. Went to Micro. Made an itinerary for our Mexico trip with mom. Farmers are the backbone of any country. A solarpunk future. Grabbed some salmon before CNVC. Creation myth. Saw a lion dance at fourth meal—met Aaron from the troupe. 


Mexico city itinerary:
Day 0: Get to Mexico, maybe midnight snack, good night’s rest.
Day 1: El Centro. Archeological Museum. Sunday night lucha libre (wrestling) at Arena Mexico.
Day 2: Day trip to either pyramids/xochimilco (boats on aztec canals). 
Day 3: Mercados! Easy day, food and buy stuff. Move in for our trek. Send mom to the airport.
Must haves: Torta de lengua (cow tongue). Tripe. Horchata.


Think of god as visibility! Our vehicle of transcendence is the semiotic image. 


February 7, 2024
Grabbed breakfast. Got our website back up. Joseph Gordon Levitt. Banh Mi with Eliana. Had a sweet matcha latte from Grounds of Being. Took the north bus to go see a stage adaptation Sufjan Steven’s Illinois. The cast came out as we were waiting for the bus back—went up to them and thanked them for the most touching piece of art that we’ve come to witness in our twenty years of life.


Song: Alaska by Maggie Rogers.


February 6, 2024
Applied for Fire Escape. Wrote and freed up our morning to review for Micro. Jeff Mangum of Neutral Milk Hotel. Saluted the window cleaners as they came up the window. Sheep among wolves—the gospels as a manual for marketing. Ate with Leo. Went to our micro midterm. Grabbed Bart. Auto W for us on the Fire Escape committee? Booked our flights to Mexico. Sign ourselves up for the Paper Kites. Ordered a new pair of Vans. The doomsday clock at UChicago? Watched Looper.


Calvino’s The Spiral. A universe that intellects itself through evolution. Intelligence is not top down, it’s bottom up. 


February 5, 2024
Zone in. Grabbed a little breakfast at Bart. Migraine hitting us hard. Left our investments midterm. Watched the sunset from our room and felt serenity. Reminded of how nice last spring was. I Think We Danced by itsjustrand. Ran into Ruka in Saieh. Went to a micro discussion section. Grabbed Cathey with Ryan and Emily after. 


February 4, 2024
Ditch investments and go full on for micro? Filled out our trek stuff. Went to ed’s brunch at Roux’s. Avocado toast. Something ‘bout Townes Van Zandt. The secret life of Walter Mitty. Aiden, the grad student we keep seeing around. Flan after dinner. Belen’s going to be in Mexico City this break. 


Take Jacob’s poem as our creed.
Start making content. 
100 个中国留学生
你最大的困难是什么？
你最大的梦想是什么？


Exhausted our body. Fell into a deep sleep and dreamt that we were in Australia—a fictitious Sydney. We rode a train elevated above the harbor between the two parts of the city, both industrial. The sun fell and we went home. Bird’s eye view, we saw ourselves walking up an isthmus flanked by bioluminescent reefs. We were struggling to train more images—we were worried about not being ready. 


Bring film to Mexico.
Go full on micro, we can catch up on investments later.
Time as a limited resource.
Now we’ve taken over two dozen profile pics. 


February 3, 2024
Alec and Francisco. Shit talked—quite literally. Crashed in the afternoon. Ran into Aidan at Saturday night meal swipe. Aidan showed us the WHPK studio. Took pics at Moda Magazine’s launch party. Talked to Alia for a bit. Hung out with Lucy. Sugar brie crepes. The Lehman brothers.


February 2, 2024
Woke up early. Took a shower and cleaned up. Walked down to Gates-Blake for our writing workshop. Plato’s Number. Grabbed breakfast with Thomas and his friend Evan. Caught up with Phoebe and then Bianca. Lunch with Clancy. Too many cups of tea. Met Skylar at Grounds of Being. Sat outside and got hit by a piece of bark. Smart museum tour. Got off the waitlist for Mexico! Went by Crerar. Watched Skylar zoom in the Stuart cubicles. Went dumb a little bit. Lily-chou chou. Ran into Olivia Rae and grabbed dinner with Yuto. We could be on NHK? Say hi to the good people of Japan. 


If a bull kills a bullfighter…


February 1, 2024
Nice weather out. Went to religion. Settled in the Stuart cubicles and did our micro pset. God we’re hungry. Ran into Guido outside of the Reg and grabbed lunch. Did our laundry. A fog crept in as we walked down to Booth for class. Sliced Bread. Had fourth meal. 


Sandcastles of existence, we are a vox clamantis in deserto. 
Deuteronomy 30:12 “It is not up in heaven”: you shall go out and break bread with strangers.
Thought of that time when we walked with Mom down to New Haven. God it was cold, our hands in our pockets.


January 31, 2024
Showered. Grabbed lunch with Francisco, Ryan, and Jillian. Sent our resume in on Handshake for the Polsky resume book. Had soup at Baker with Ellie. Warm apple cider at the HRL staff meeting always hits. Cristi recommended us Tender is the Flesh (re. Rick and Morty pasta). Grabbed fourth meal with Lola. The stars! And the gravel trains get stuck and go back.


Time and uncertainty. The weatherman is a prophet! A premium is given to those with foresight. Ventriloquism may be the closest we get to mental broadcasting. 


Tagged a couple of summer things on Handshake. Apply to them. Look into marketing roles. Talk about our experience at Trackpatch and Sunshine Action. Write cover letters! Apply to consulting stuff with our startup experience. Start growing our photo account. 


Messianic dreams have forced evangelical compulsions. Consumed by a newfound religiosity—have to become the essence of light. Hold together the expanding universe. Fight apathy. Because darkness lasts not even one second when you turn on the light (cf. All the Light We Cannot See, cf. John 1:5)


Song: Pancho and Lefty by Townes Van Zandt. 


January 30, 2024
A lemon tea for breakfast with Zophie. Two sundays. Sunday based off of Sunday, Seurat and Jonathan Larsson. Grabbed lunch with Giancarlo, Emily, and Lincoln. Finished up on our puppet article. The Immortal Jellyfish Girl and Gotterdammerung. People keep telling us about that black mirror episode when we talk about Trackpatch. Grabbed a hot chocolate with Celina at Ex Lib. Worked on our tasks. Grabbed pancake supplies from Trader Joes. Dropped by Firebird. Our snowball pics made it to @uchicagocollege. Joe crowned us with a chef’s hat. Made banana pancakes. We’re winning.


Some fuel to keep the engine running. 


January 29, 2024
Grabbed a Bartlett brunch. Went to investments. Bianca introduced us to Tweek. Get in on productivity apps—or really just a calendar. Went down to Logan and returned our speedlight. Ate at Cathey with Isaiah. Squirrels raiding a bird's nest. Talk productivity—do a series where we interview our friends and try out their schedules. Grabbed a quick bite at Baker with Claudia before taking a lyft down to Harper. Fukase’s crows. Attended a meeting of the glass eye. Went back up north and ate with Moran. Soul Man. Schedule our meals for this week. Plans for Gary Indiana this Sunday. Get our plans down for this summer. Back on tinder! Our phone’s just blowing up. 


Gotta get out there, gotta reach out and talk to people. Can’t operate on a doom mindset. Winning breeds winning. Try growing our photo account.


January 28, 2024
Woke up and grabbed brunch with Ed’s. Sat down with Austin after. Brambleberry crisp. The things we do to be cool. 愛笑的男生運氣不會太差. Saltburn. Played soccer. Had three plates of pasta at dinner. Showered. Watched Buffy with Finn. The green ribbon. 


That’s so dps* of you. *Dead poet’s society. 

Song: We’ll Never Have Sex by Leith Ross. Murder on the Dancefloor by Sophie Ellis-Bexter. 


January 27, 2024
Showered in the morning. Reached out to a couple influencers on instagram. Met up with Ryan and went down to Chinatown to eat. Headed back home to nap. Got dressed. Took the bus then the red then the bus to Bridgeport Arts. 35th by Racine. Event photographed at Snowball! We jammed, we jived, we were in on the action. Stayed behind a little while with COUP. Took home two bags of chips and a white rose, which we put in a jar. Stayed up with Jackie and Vanessa and sorted through our pictures. 


January 26, 2024
Woke up and showered. Grabbed hutch with Sophia. Moved to Ex Lib. Something about kids. Raining out. Went down to Logan to borrow a speedlight. Walked back up to the reg. In the blue silver chromium diner. Zofie and Giancarlo. Opened our first packs of film, 2 canisters of Kodak gold. Get to know Oliver Drazky on Bellie. Pulled up to the basement of Reynolds for our investment pset. Week saved. Got on the waitlist for Berlin and Mexico. Nap—grind out our work so we’re free tomorrow and Sunday. Midnight onions. Flatid Planthopper Nymphs.


January 25, 2024
Fog, the edges of the world hidden. The Book of Job. Ran into Robert. Got a muffin at Harper. Settled in one of the Stuart cubicles. Speedran our micro pset. Lucy came and sat down with us for a bit. Escaped, moved to Bartlett. Cream of rice chicken soup. Went back and took a nap. Sanket Bhasin. A vitamin-painkiller analogy, sell painkillers! Think politics, amass and mobilize. Say to ourselves we’ll never leave the room. Made midnight pasta. Shaved cheddar. Stayed up with Vanessa. Matilda. The Bug Collector.


CNVC: Start early. Read the startup manual like a bible. Go out there and do stuff. Get a capable team together. Dogshit optimist. Lean into what we’re good at. Use this summer. Keep talking to people from this class. Analogs.


Vexation kills the fool.


January 24, 2024
Slept in. Did our laundry. Went down to the lab school to bother some parents. Was raining out. Slept. Showered. Went up to Trader Joe’s. Had pasta with Finn. Very quiet, very nice. Two psychiatrist parents. Mateo’s pesto. Lola’s birthday party. Played family feud. Rebuilding week.


January 23, 2024
Grabbed some tea in the morning. Grind out our paper today. We're good at doing this. Sliced Bread Merch? Checkpoint pictures, instant photos printed on receipt paper. Annie’s Charcuterie study break—asked to inherit her list of ideas. Submitted our religion paper. 


Something about Mithraism. A voice that told us you shall go out and break bread with strangers. An enterprise to not go hungry, to be in communion. We study frats, we study religious groups.


January 22, 2024
Showered in the morning. Too many things to do. Vagrant mother. We’re Gatsby. Dragged the PA speaker from Hallowed to Stuart. Abigail helped us out. Grabbed lunch at Bart. Think we’re just going to stay in today. Inuit sunglasses. Slept for a good couple hours. Got some food at Baker with Raquel, Corinne and Ellie. Found our earphones in our vest pocket. Made some pasta. Get a good block of Cheddar. Sufjan Steven Illinois Musical? Listened to Carrie and Lowell. Become one of those long haired flagellants.


January 21, 2024
Woke up. Ran over to bart. Had our editors meeting. A coxswain metaphor, leadership is about bearing the onus when others fail. When the rowers stop, you get back in the boat and row yourself. Sent Serg, Nicole and Adama their photos. The changing colours in the sky. Our arms still so sore from carrying the PA on Friday. Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Went down to baker for some food. Ate with Tia then Aiden. Stranger challenge. Getting a customized chef Toby hat! Our fire escape films sweatshirt so clutch. Learn how to use a flash. Got really tired, slept.


The urge to write things down, because we are too passionate about the self, too unyielding against time, too scared of being forgotten. We have enough material to construct a decent simulacrum. But what does that do? Realized recently that the trick is to do the things we love and do them well. There will always be value in treating people earnestly and holding those we love close to us. We were a jealous kid—on a car ride back from Roy Baek’s house we cried over his little white dog Momo and a prayer before dinner. We’re older now and know it’s on us to make things happen. 


January 20, 2024
Woke up. Called Aboo. Grabbed a bart breakfast. Rabo Karabekian, the Temptation of St Anthony. Mythos of the self. Got the snowball gig! Met up with Sergio. Took his pictures; copied the poses in hutch. Did Adama and Nicole, too. Went by the Fire Escape film premiere. Free merch and salmon croutons. Saw ourselves on the big screen. Racer Clarence. A really good convo with Luke Delaney’s parents. Saturday night meal swipe—Noodles Etc. has always been good to us. Stumbled into Vanessa’s band playing at Mandel hall. Walked to the 56th metra station; ran into Avaril, Billy and Anna. Arrived at the palmer house. Left with Ryan to Steppenwolf. The immortal jellyfish girl. Famished. Lyfted back to the Hyde Park McDonalds. Downed nuggets and a spicy chicken sandwich. Cleaned up in a South bathroom. Went to the Fire Escape afterparty. Sprite. What a good time, get to know Finn. Buffy the Vampire Slayer. 


FESAP turned Cock Fight. Oiled Wrestling. 
10 pm Fire Escape meeting.


January 19, 2024
Decompress. Met up with Eric at Baker—then with Kaan at Bart. Went back, napped and cleaned up before running to Stuart. Ran into Alia carrying the PA system. She helped us bring it over to Hallowed. Open mic. Eric’s Reservation 503. Emilio and the Ransom Notes. Clancy. Anthony on the classical guitar. Directrix. There must have been 80 people in that room listening. Clobb. Coolcatted. Teenage Dirtbag.


The ethereal twinkling. Overlapped voices like waves crashing on the shore. Or a summer breeze, one current flowing over another. The drums are more defined than in bedbug’s past discography, more energetic and upbeat yet still something intimate. The shout of a young voice that says “we’re here, we’re alive..” Returning us to a childlike wonder—a limitlessness that says the soul has no bounds. 


Bedbug, we’re actually listening to unreleased music. 
“Keep true to the dreams of your youth” Ryan Sanghavi.
The moon’s an arrant thief.


January 18, 2024
Grabbed a quick breakfast. Finished up and submitted our micro homework. The Bhagavad Gita as an ego-superego interaction. Invest in memory keys. Bedbug’s Pack Your Bags the Soul is Growing. Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe. Caught up on the Phaedo during Micro. Went back to North and napped. Got dressed. Ran over to Booth for pitch day. Had a room hiccup with Sliced Bread. Exodus to Bartlett. Onboarded Courtney as our director of social media. Snowing out as we ran over to the firebird AOTY party. Told David Lara the story of Firebird and Alia. Invited him up to North and made eggs. Lot’s of fun things this weekend—puppet fest confirmed by Jay Kelly. Fog outside our window, stared into nothingness.


We’re connecting with so many people in such meaningful ways. Been so busy. Meetings back to back to back. Scheduling our lunch and dinners around people. Focus on our classes and plan towards our future—apply to jobs with our trackpatch stuff!


“Will not that man reach reality, Simmias, if anyone does?” Phaedo 66a.
“I have destroyed them from the perspective of eternal time” Baghavad Gita. 


January 17, 2024
Dress to impress. Rhea and Kate interviewed us for DSP. Hope things turn out for us. Met Monica from Pareto, Fashionopolis. Sat down with Ryan and Penelope in the A level. Walked back to North. Met with Mason. Had some hot chocolate with Aneth at Plein Air. Dropped by Trott. Ran back to an all-staff meeting. Made two “coupons” for Leela and Jacob. Chill out this weekend and start doing our homework.


January 16, 2024
Cereal in a cup. We wrote such a good essay on prosthetics last year. Made our first set of investments in food delivery and ride-sharing services. Sent an email out to Jay from the puppet fest. Joe showed us their room and collection of beyblades. Secured AV equipment for open mic. Dirt red. Turn hiccups into opportunities, we’re a game-maker. Looked through Martina’s pitch deck, put in our questions. Went to Firebird and then Fire Escape. Adventures with David Lara. Came back and made pasta for the house. Put on our chef hat. Thursday and Friday night parties with Joseph this week. The moon hung there, orange. 


Snippet: wordplay keeps Socrates alive, because our words construct alternate realities that deny the permanence of death. If we consider the thermodynamics of the soul: energy never lost, only transformed. We are just left to wonder if it is still meaningful that the substance of the soul is eternal given…


Song: Halo on the Interstate by Bedbug.


January 15, 2024
Grabbed breakfast with Alicia. Went out for groceries from Hyde Park Produce. Came back, applied to career treks, and picked up our laundry. Zoomed into a Maroon arts editors meeting. Showered. Wrote back to Dionte from Warner Records about Riovaz. Set up a link-tree, market ourselves as a concert photographer. Updated our resume. Called Ryan to ask if he’d like to go see another puppet show. Wakka Wakka: the Immortal Jellyfish Girl. Invited the sliced bread editors up for a pasta dinner. Our name on the Chicago Puppet Theater Website. 


Song: Teenage Dirtbag by Wheatus


January 14, 2024
Woke up. Ran over to Joe and Cristi’s. Tuesday Chef Toby Takeovers. Cleaned up our room. Changed out our bedsheets. Grabbed brunch with Corinne and Ann. Figure out this investment thing. Met with Lauren and went out to Shinju. Cold as hell! Grabbed a second dinner at Baker. Got invited to a first round interview with DSP.

Maybe we change our strategy. It’s not about changing the mag but about just attaching a social backend. More events + open mics + formals. 


January 13, 2024
Called Sammy for her advice on Sliced Bread. We need to introduce structure, pre-meeting agendas will be helpful. Walked down to Bartlett for breakfast with Micheal Moran and Friends. Hot Chocolate. Defne from Blacklight. Worked on and submitted our DSP app. Made a playlist out of all the songs people submitted for Secret Santa. Napped and showered. Had Saturday night meal swipe. The Theory of Everyone. Dropped by DU with Anderson for some pizza. Lessons on shapeshifting. Walked Anderson back to ihouse. About Time. Grabbed a hibiscus agua fresca from Tiffins. Lyfted back and went to bed. 


God we need to see The Iron Claw. California Dreamin.
A Chinese cultural consciousness has definitely informed our lived experience. 
Sliced bread we need hot people in our club.
Peculiarities of the National Hunt.


Do the things we love and do them well. Network via social organizations. Train up on technicals in class. Cold email. 


Song: Bad Taste Blues Part III, from Sasha. 


January 12, 2024
The pink pony club. Blizzard outside. Snowfall, metra. Walked to the point for the last day of Kuvia. How peaceful to see snow on empty streets, wish we had our camera with us. Walked back with Inhyeok from Voices. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Had such a good convo with Anna about Model UN, mentorship, and reaching out to people. American Dreams in China. Grabbed lunch with Odelette, our old neighbor. Delegate our responsibilities—we are doing a little too much. Napped. Went into deep sleep for a couple hours. God we’re dead. Worked on our DSP app. Weather next week is awful. Wrote up a cool cat on Jacob’s poem. To dream of Rome from Alba Longa. Host a birthday party for ourselves next year. 


Sliced Bread has to appeal to the general student populace. We need “lay creatives”. Become a meme page. Open ourselves up. Can’t close ourselves off. Cultivate big-small relationships within the club. Bonding events start with the editors—make pasta next Tuesday. 


At our 10 year’s reunion, can we deal with having gambled and lost? Question we have to answer. Marketing/HR. Start with trying to sell a pen to a stranger. “Omegle in real life” Our greatest resource is people/ 


Made an instagram poll to collect adjectives. From Sergio “caring”, from Alec “charming”, from Lara “silly”, from Noah “contemplative”, from Shaun “appreciative”, from Celina “kind”, from Nick “driven”, from Angela “intentional”, and from Arhon “enigmatic, spontaneous, hopelessly romantic.” By god are we grateful to become many of these things that we were begging to become. 


Playlist: Communist Daughter by Neutral Milk Hotel, Strawberry Blond by Mitski, Gun Song by the Lumineers, Come on Eileen by Dexys Midnight Runners, Come on Mess Me Up by Cup Sport, Midnight City by M83, Starman by David Bowie


January 11, 2024
Woke up for Kuvia. Brushed our teeth. Think we beat it—the tiredness. Finally mastered the self. Argentine tangoed. Worked on our Secret Santa picture book for Corinne over breakfast. Went to Religion. Grabbed a quick lunch at Bart with Nicole and Andre. Went back to North and napped. Finished the Strawberries of the Sea. Dropped by Pret. Scoped out Stuart 102, worked out projection logistics for secret santa before heading to CNVC. Need to have an expectations meeting with our Sliced Bread editors. Bolted to secret santa after class. We’ve got some serious talent in the club—a staff issue would go hard. Ran to the DSP meet the brothers event. Called Jasper for an hour and a half. Texted Charlie Preston. Polar plunge tomorrow?


Secret Santa turned into ritualistic gift giving. The social engineering behind group bonding.
We’re massively connected. Our phone’s been blowing up recently.


Know our goal when we’re talking with someone. Show genuine interest in who they are and what they do. Comes down to eye contact (looking at one eye to avoid drifting), relaxed stance, and knowing to exit.


Some people will want nothing to do with you. They will tell you no.


January 10, 2024
Showered before Kuvia. Caught up on sleep. Joseph invited us to his birthday party on Friday. CNVC call, need to recognize different needs of different consumer segments. Went to Hutch to have dinner with Sophia and Noah. Really nice to catch up. Walked Sophia down to Ida. Found Vanessa in a Stuart cubicle. Cleaned up our room. Win the HTMW challenge for investments. Made money on our first trade shorting Alaska airlines—drove us up to 15th place. Slept. Showered. Went to DSP. Met Rhea Shah. Huck is someone we should talk to, he’s got drive, he’s a go getter. Photograph the blizzard upcoming. We’ve got a long weekend. 


DSP info session Harper 130 at 8:00. Do market research into entertainment. 
Sprocket hole exposures. 
Make a children’s book for Corinne. Where the wild things are inspired.
Scan secret santa things—could become a staff issue!


Entrepreneurship: Be obsessive about customer discovery next CNVC. Do surveys before application. Trust the result of surveys, and always look to pivot. B2C can become a B2B—marketing to consumers will always be hard as one needs to know human psychology.
Be careful who we put on our team—keep it small. 


Lifepath: Go nontraditional. Enterprise. Use CNVC as a springboard from one startup to the next until we build our own thing. Understanding people and knowing how to sell to them (customer discovery, data collection, analysis) will always be useful. 


Have to appreciate the poverty that drives us to enterprise. Thought at one point this summer that we wouldn’t be able to afford school, after having lived life so comfortably and attended a place like Exeter. That hit us like a truck.


January 9, 2024
Little sleep. Woke up and went to Kuvia. Did our laundry. Showed up to Licha’s class. The hermeneutics of suspicion. Poisoned Heart by the Ramones. David Burnett’s photos with a Holga. Had a really good convo with Joseph Mooney over lunch about DSP and entertainment. Settled in the A level with Kody. Met Suhani, who did CNVC last year. Get to know Scott Metcalf. Went to Micro. Had a quick bite at bart with Matthew Lee. Grabbed a couple old issues of Sliced Bread from our room. Hijacked a table at Ida. Maroon/Firebird/Sliced Bread rotation. Joseph introduced us to people. Got to know Michael McClure of the Maroon. Ate a bit with Natalie before our editor’s meeting—big quarter for us. The word is enterprise. Plans for an open mic third week. Globe lamps like moons on the midway. Daniel Fecko. Called Jason. Grateful for the help of strangers. Ziggy’s invite. Met up with Anderson to go visit the Iron Key Society. Big thoughts about pong. Soberness, it’s stark. What’s your name? Where are you from? What school did you go to? Big Groton, Hotchkiss populations. Anderson recommended us the Holdovers, Alexander Payne. 


Printing qr codes on white t-shirts. Providing the clothing infrastructure for an augmented reality world. Just 50 years too early. 


Memo: Give out compliments freely. Seek out and connect with people we find cool. Start conversations with strangers. Expect nothing. Never be angry, always build bridges. 


January 8, 2024
First day of Kuvia. Finger fencing. Fried eggs at the omelette station. Showed Jackie Tim Robinson. Called mom to distribute our survey. Contacted Patty and Monica of the lab school parents facebook group. Get our message into facebook groups. Good lunch with Ana Emilia. 大丈夫能屈能伸. Grabbed a notebook and a pen from bartmart. Went to Investments. Bianca’s in our class. Grabbed Civilization and Its Discontents from the Seminary Coop. Had dinner with Claire. Went to Stuart for a TBC info session. Found a handle for our tripod in the disposables outside of the AV office. Ran into Elijah on the way out of Paragon. Walked back with him to Woodlawn as we chatted. Look Down from the Bridge by Mazzy Star. 20 responses on our survey by the end of the first day! Love Chinese parents. Clean up and go to bed. Cronenberg’s Crash.


Ski tricks, daredevils make us think we can fly. Evel Knievel. Hot rod the movie.


Laid out stuff we have to do this week—we’re packed!
Network, network, network. Talk to strangers, reach out, reach out, reach out.
Keep track of our emails. Check in on our artist features.
Get ourselves a planner. Make academics a top priority this quarter.
Washington, Oregon train—go see the humongous fungus.
Feb 23 Intercollegiate Writer’s Conference. 


The feeling of being the only guy in the room that knows something, to build up a repository of random knowledge that one can apply. Investing gets you in that cycle. Sam Eckerman


January 7, 2024
Woke up and felt much better. Grabbed brunch. Met with Tori from memoryhouse. Sat in on an editors meeting. Plans to co host an open-mic third week. FESAP didn’t make it through. Wrote to Stephen and Haydt. Have to keep people in mind! Cristi’s a big fan of Freud. Had some terrific lamb for dinner. Mochi’s at the house meeting. 


Everything Everywhere All At Once Sliced Bread cover. Googly eye on a piece of bread.
Write to parent facebook groups for Trackpatch
Borrow people’s happiness. Loneliness is a symptom of not getting out there and caring about our friends. 


January 6, 2024 
Woke up around noon. Snowfall. Published a coolcat. Remember how we begged to be reborn. Freddie mercury. Think Kuvia next week would be a good opportunity for us to get out there. It’ll definitely wake us up. Apply to internships. Reach out to our friends to hang out. Listen to music. Cleaned up our room. Watch X. Went to theater 24. Dropped by bartmart after. Get a map of Chicago—start zoning places out. 


Five cop cars drove to intercept the student on the top floor of the parking lot, who witnesses testified was running up to the edge and suddenly stopping. 


Everyone just needs a couple good pictures of themselves. Make and print business cards for our headshot service? 


January 5, 2024
Slept in. Grabbed breakfast. Slept some more. Three day weekends every week, we’ve got to make use of that. Sent in our RA intent to return form. Raspberry sorbets for dinner. Talked to Martina about trackpatch. Customer discovery. Watched the hunger games prequel. 


Startup Owners Manual
ICorps, customer discovery programs.


January 4, 2024 
What a day. Freud’s anal eroticism. Realized in the middle of sosc we’ve become much less of an intellectual. Switched out two of our classes; dropped the Intelligible Self for another religion section. Had lunch with Lekha and Alex Masoudi. Went back to North to take a nap. Showered before CNVC. Three Lions (Football’s Coming Home). This is it. Get to know Martina. No Friday classes this quarter, get out and about in the city. 


A horse-jockey metaphor for company and founder. 
中国合伙人. Grip onto our piece of sky. We can be magic.
Fill out intent to return form for RAing


Tomorrow: grab gel pens from office depot, grab a journal
We may be slightly sick—drink tons of water and rest well. Be clean.


January 3, 2024 Day 0
Packed our things for a return to Chicago. Switched out the silicon covers on our earbuds. What a terrific break. Archie drove us to Bradley. Stopped at a McDonalds on the way to take a leak. Got started with Freud on the plane—what is this guy yapping about? Sufjan Stevens’ Chicago. Touched down. Met Tarek from Algiers, recommended us some Tajin from Morocco. 


Vergil and Homer have nothing on Freud.
Two Vonnegutian pursuits.
This year we are 20, and time will fly and devour us. 


Picked up dad’s camera a little more than three months ago to make use of photo passes. Started with concert photography, then we took pictures at events and headshots of our friends. 


Scene 1: the luminous world from which we came. a swirling cosmos, a star is cast
Scene 2: the condensation of cold bodies, men imprisoned in the hollow prisons of our flesh
Scene 3: divided we suffer the sins of loneliness and apathy
Scene 4: we sign signs in the darkness, out of the unwavering light of our souls
Scene 5: a transmission of consciousness, this is art, this is love, this is humanity!
Scene 6: the great reunion, a merge, a neon genesis. 


January 2, 2024 Day 1
Summer camp in Montreal, our time in France. Giant macarons. Went out for a three miler. Felt great. Where do you go to, my lovely? Grabbed some groceries on our way back. Brined duck tongues and congee for dinner.  


Evening nap, dreamt that we were in a building, all climbing walls 10 stories tall. Vibrant cityscapes—we want to be in LA or New York. 


January 1, 2024 Day 2
New Year. Excited for our classes this quarter. Martina reached out about CNVC. Submitted our Chinatown photos for the HKSA contest. Shimmied our way into Micro. Our classes are falling into place. Hotpot for dinner. Arcade Fire on the Her Soundtrack. Showered. Chicago Puppet Fest on the Horizon. Go and take pictures of bison. 


Prompt: the first camera neurologica: images captured through brain scans show unspeakable horrors.


In the spirit of resolution, we will be relentless and unflinching in our pursuit of the openness of the world; we will engage and break bread with strangers; we will hold those we love dearly [call aboo frequently]; we will record, document, and crystallize. 


December 31, 2023 Day 3
Woke up. Grabbed lunch at a 99. Got back home. Collapsed. Napped and showered. Cleaned up the back of our hair. Dropped our Calvino class. Swapped it out for a business elective on management. Get back to work! Fast times at Ridgemont High.


New York in the eyes of a Chicago underdog.
Corky Lee’s Asian America.
2 hours to go, to echo the tenth doctor, we don’t want to!


Snippet: Messianic dreams bring evangelical compulsions. Our closest-kept secret, out of the brutal pessimism of the world, an unending optimism for the self. One last transmission from 2023: never forget how much that piece of sky meant to us this summer. God bless the whimsy, stay dreaming. 


December 30, 2023 Day 4
Woke up at 7:30. Head out to the slopes. Magic carpet. The sun came out on the mountain. Must have snowboarded for 6 or 7 hours. Pasta for dinner, turn in olive oil. 


Afflicted with a reflection. A modern narcissus with a photographic obsession. 
I am the alien that ate the alien that ate me. 


December 29, 2023 Day 5
Dropped by Berkshire East to be outfitted. Hiked. Merrily we go round the mountain. Reenacted the Sound of Music. Ribs for dinner. Took some pictures of the chicken in the shed. Our hair growing on, mullet season?


December 28, 2023 Day 6
Woke up to sheep outside the window. Had some tea for breakfast. Played fact or crap in the downstairs lodge with mom and Chloe. Visited Williams, had lunch there. The Berkshires. Drove up to Vermont. Main Street Antique shop in Bennington: the store clerk there spoke some solid Cantonese. Indian Heads. Texted Kary. Dropped by an Aldi’s for groceries. I’m an item! Sound of music. Kinda jarring to see actors wearing swastikas. Some car trouble on the way back, stranded by the roadside. Good samaritans got us back. Hello world!


Magnolia, Tom Cruise’s wayward son. 
I think you’re very cool but you scare me a little. 
To be touched by a ladybug is a euphemism they use in Missouri.


December 27, 2023 Day 7
Packed up our bunk. Head out to the Berkshires. Night drive in heavy fog. Visibility zero. Northern Massachusetts, within running distance of the Vermont border. Maybe that’s our plan for tomorrow. We are one unabashed imitation of the coolest people we know. 


Snippet: My dad, a straight cut businessman, disapproves of the hippie with the majestic mane. Calls him long-hair, calls him a hack. But what does he know about the soul of a maverick? 


December 26, 2023 Day 8
Ring of Gyges. Hey Jude. Mewed with Chloe. Got roped into trying to build a bed. Did not end up hanging out with Sophia. A day out in the town. 16000 steps. Five Points, New York. David Thai. An ice rink under the Brooklyn Bridge. Took the train back. 


December 25, 2023 Day 9
Christmas day. Took the Metro North down to Grand Central, then the 7 to Flushing. Had Dim Sum. Took some pictures of a siu mei shop. Boarded the Long Island Railroad to Mom’s friend's place. Met Hassan, a Fulbright Scholar from Pakistan doing climate infrastructure at Worcester Polytechnic. Convo sponsored by the sticker on his backpack, a cold approach. An Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind kind of sky. As if the beach at Montauk. Feasted. Met Dave at UIUC and Mike at Deloitte. A convo across three languages. “Multilayered thinking.” Immigrant stories, 中国合伙人. Aboo called. Camille Saint Saens’ the Swan. Bombs in Bethlehem. 


Mug shawtys. Spaces they inhabit. 
Night of the Wolves—a survival thriller about a Colorado rancher's family.
Past lives. If language is not just an interface of the self, but a core. 
Make an anthology series, talk to Aboo about her life. 


Middle of January, it was snowing hard in Chicago. We touched down in Irvine and thought it was paradise. 


Snippet: Oh man, bro’s a dreamer, looked at that boy so starry eyed. Summer changed us so. Moonlight molting. We will never forget that hunger, that piece of sky afforded to us by the balcony, that rabid dog foaming at the mouth. What's the v in tobyvfitness? Ben Vigneri. What's the w in tobesphotog? Will Park. Composites of composites, so much hedging on a win.


December 24, 2023 Day 10
Rested our eyes. Read a little of Murakami’s What I Think About When I Talk About Running. Had some mutton chops. Packed gifts. Wrapped ourselves up. Took a nap. A 3-year plan for Sliced Bread: from a club to an artistic revolution on campus. Mind dwelling, softly reminiscing. Scarlett Johanson in A24’s Under the Skin. Heading out to New York tomorrow. Finished our writeup of FESAP, submitted to Fire Escape. Finally got to making our mini vlogs—Singapore career trek and last day in HK. Uploaded a short to our youtube channel, Toby Cosmos. Look into enlarger lenses. Packed our things for tomorrow.


20, two decades of us. In the rare temporal niche of this 21st century… in an exceptional company of people. Composites of composites. Would be wrong not to share what we are so grateful for. 


Photoprompt: faux film stills with subtitles, triple scenes stacked on top of each other. 
Photoprompt: multi portraiture of people in their dorm rooms.


Film: One night in Browning, alternate futures. Will Park, Daniel and Us. One to New York, One as a writer, one filmmaker?


December 23, 2023 Day 11
Shaved and freshened up. Lara picked us up. Big tepee on our drive to Guilford. Walked around the beach. Wilfred Armster’s spaceship. Dropped by Big Y for some chicken and jalapeno poppers. Ate in the car. Went to Lara’s house, then she drove us back. Dinner with dumplings—what a nice family dinner with Lara there. The tea was delicious. God tier hangout with Lara today. Evil Morty Theme (Orchestral Version) to round out this year. Eternal Sunshine. Fast Times at Ridgemont High. Check skiwear when we pack. 


I have a feeling that you will be very important to me.
Remind this heart of the passion that tears hath fed.


Snippet: The condominium complex resembled a spaceship. A lead plated oval suspended by concrete beams, it was the brainchild of one Wilfred Armster. When asked by the locals why he didn’t design something more natural and colonial, he replied “what do you think the Natives thought of the settler’s homes?” 


@tobes_photog. We shoot people, crystallize moments. The eyes.


Photoprompt: Subway panorama. MTA? Near Chinatown


Song: Don’t look Back in Anger by Oasis. 


December 22, 2023 Day 12
Scott Pilgrim. Alien of extraordinary ability. Hot pot for lunch. Cleaned the dishes. Gaylord, Cloby, Cloanthus, now Clomobile. Got to be a dog. Shoot at f6 for the sweet spot. Tried going out but it was just way too cold. Cold burns. Looked through internships on handshake—do something cool that will take us places. Hong Kong again?


Prompt: Camera organica: the first biological camera. A dying eye revived, meshed with a digital interface. Watching and screaming. 


December 21, 2023 Day 13
Called Aboo in the morning. Made breakfast, eggs on toast. A voice foretold. Chappell Roan, we are obsessed. Casey Neistat’s vlogs. Fantastic Mr. Fox (Jeremiah Johnson). Called Otis about a sliced bread feature. Set out with mom at 4:00 to go pick up Chloe. Walked down via Farmington Canal. Cold! A 3rd generation Chevrolet Corvette. Had Kalbi-Tang at Seoul’s. Texted Clara. Picked up Chloe and got back via bus. Successfully operated on our 100d. Have to go see the milky way and northern lights. Light pollution map.


Manual for governance: Give out compliments freely. Seek out and connect with people we find cool. Expect nothing. Never be angry, always build bridges. 


The photograph is a statement of existence for the photographer. 


December 20, 2023 Day 14
Two weeks left of break. Chloe’s coming back tomorrow. Dance dance revolution. Cleaned the dining table. Fight entropy. Head out at 3:40 for a sunset ride. Went seven miles down to Quinnipiac at a chill 8:42 pace. Farther than we’ve gone before, saw the sleeping giants. And holy shit a fox. The vulpes vulpes. Haven’t felt this good in a while. Show mom the spot some time. Made egg fried rice. Rotisserie chickens goated. Had an editors meeting at Sliced Bread—outlined dates for next quarter. Went down with mom to buy Walter’s camera—he gave it to us for 20 dollars. Today was really nice, call Aboo tomorrow. 


Recommendations from Carter Beckstein—go see the Lyric Opera and Chicago Symphony Orchestra on student tickets.


The body sore, some flagellation for our god.
Song: Come on Mess Me Up by Cub Sport. The Blower’s Daughter.


December 19, 2023 Day 15
The meteoric rise of one Mr. Beast. All trajectories, just a matter of time. Cleaned up our room. Clean up our things. Sent out secret santa assignments via an automated script. Sliced Bread: Morph. Getting l’Oreal careers ads. B+ on our financial accounting—not bad. The mercy of Nikolaev. Sent an email to Sanderson, figure out our classes today/tomorrow. Our driver’s permit is running out in a couple days. Cranked out 5x20 pushups. Put a stop to jerking off—texted Moran.


Foresight for our age has put us squarely among a rare company of peers those who stand “in symbolic relations to the art and culture of our age”. Manifest our destiny! Use the first hours of tomorrow to clean up our room. We got this! 


This is Water by David Foster Wallace 
Notes on Looking Back by Steven Tagle

Meta: Good weather permitting—go out to Sleeping Giant and take a panorama. Join substack, write from the personal. December 9 of last year, we wrote: “Our compass—knowing that idleness destroys, turn our mind towards production. Make it our life’s mission to engage in dialectic and participate in the evolution of thought.”


Objectives for Q5 (a test of coolness, the impossible dream): 
Publish an issue of sliced bread. We need a schedule to ensure this.
Take on street photography, film content like reels. 
Get laid. This is not a joke. 


December 18, 2023 Day 16
Of course the Italo course is taught in Italian. Ski pants. Rick redemption arc. Denali. Went out and looked for ski goggles with mom. Figured out our remote shutter. Television and the family. Get the VHS found footage look. Caught up with Rebecca—who we kept running into Q4. Be on a philanthropic trajectory. Asa’s article on maxxing and incel jargon, incredible. Shaved and cleaned up. 


For the remainder of his life, he would be cocooned in that jacket.
And the buses like roving centipedes. 


December 17, 2023 Day 17
Woke up at 8:00. Picked up our laundry. Showered and brushed our teeth. Change by Big Thief. Go hike the sleeping giant. Made congee for breakfast. Our little food channel. Tropic Thunder is wild. Texted Jackie. 22 responses on our sliced bread form! Make our first meeting back really good. Learn DaVinci Resolve. Went out for a two miler. The mist. Visions from dreams we put into words. 


Doctrine: Our faith, a budding theology. The question of human existence is, in its most pragmatic form, what is suffering and how do we resolve it. Our first proposition: loneliness. A separation of our consciousness via the prisons of our flesh. Man can you understand me. 


Aurora Borealis. Frederic Erwin Church’s paintings.
Something distinctly American about the existentialist protagonist—the cowboy. 
Holy Land USA, a 16 year old murdered at the site of the large, lit cross. 
Look up abandoned places on wikimapia. 


December 16, 2023 Day 18
Late start to the day. Sent out emails for calls to the artists we’ve emailed. Some fabulous chicken soup. Emilia Jones. Work on FESAP. 5:25 and it’s all dark outside. Get BTS footage for FESAP. Dig around our basement to see what we can find. 


Truth is stranger than fiction and fiction is truer than truth. 
We’ve got an odd looking face and perhaps that’s the best way to put it. 


December 15, 2023 Day 19
Been five days since we’ve been back home. Russell the Sky King. Put pants on. Did more sliced bread stuff. Made noodles for mom. Heal the side of our face. Make a quick video for dad tonight. It’s all about lighting! Made dad a birthday collage. Went out for a run. Called Arhon. Not a bad day at all. April Come She Will by Simon and Garfunkel.


Prompt: Russell the Sky King.
The land of the sleeping giant. 


How we make money: RAing. Our photography gig. Do skilled work that maximizes profit and minimizes time cost. Become a content creator—get sponsored by brands to review stuff. 


Doctrine: Sweet horror, if horror is the gap in our understanding of the strange. A friction that arises in the failure of accepting oddness. A rejection, a revulsion, akin to that of an immune system. As in a dream, the sudden realization that there’s something off followed by a no, this can’t be right. 


Snippet: [On the training of images in dreams] the professor of the raccoon face gave a speech about a study into deformity—a survey in which the vast majority of the respondents came to the conclusion that if the face had to be altered, adding was preferable to subtracting.


january: jolene by great caesar
february: daydream believers by the monkeys
march: all that and more by rainbow kitten surprise
april: bernadette by reina el cid
may: sunsetz by cigarettes after sex
june: dawn in the adan by ichiko aoba
july: the moon song by beabadoobee
august: the predatory wasps of the palisades by sufjan stevens
september: julia by mount joy
october: first day of my life by bright eyes
november: FRIENDS by laundry day
december: come on eileen by dexys midnight runners


Like the Native Americans, we were utterly unprepared for you. 


December 14, 2023 Day 20
Lara should be back soon. Reach out. Lunch. Went out for an afternoon run. Sergio on Sliced Bread. The edification of our linkedin page. Insomnia sponsored a midnight read of Pendulum. To make something—big big plans for sliced bread. Reached out to people on the studio track for potential artist features. Start drinking in the new year. Never be cowardly, never be cruel. Pick up our camera and start rolling, there’s a reason why the windshield is bigger than the rearview mirror (via Big Cheese)


Sliced Bread, develop our social media account. BOTD (Book of the Day)
Templates have to make the artist's features digestible.
Use this break to figure our stuff out—add/drop micro for next quarter


Memento: We may not be far from the darkest timeline, things can go wrong very quickly. To be reminded at times that the realities of loneliness can be so crushing. Where did we go wrong? Spend what we have to make memories with our family. Memories we can look back on and feel warm about. Be kind to mom. 


Maybe we should get we’re not really strangers—it did give us our first kiss with Jacqueline.
Would be nice to play with our parents, a makeshift life story interview kit. 


December 13, 2023 Day 21
Fundamentals fell through. Make a video for dad for his birthday. Made dinner. Did little today. Went out for a three miler. Start tomorrow with a run—try something different. Figure out add/drop. Sophia Emy’s coming back in the winter!


Make our first film reel (Hello World) 
Make memory collages for each month. 
All about visuals. Be cool!


December 12, 2023 Day 22
Accompanied mom to the eye doctor. Took the bus down to New Haven. Ran into Sydney Kang at a crosswalk. A town called Amity. Full view of West Rock Ridge. Had lunch at a nice little Thai restaurant with teru teru bozu dolls hanging from the ceiling. Walked back two hours. En route, birds of prey circling. A mound by SCSU. Passed Battis Road (An Old Grave). Dropped by CVS and Audis. Good convos with mom about silly things, felt really fulfilled. Published a coolcat about Q4. Make our films tomorrow. Got our stats final back—damn we bombed this quarter. Guess the mighty must fall. Multi-portraiture of people in their dorm rooms.


Living has been a recursive pursuit, we settle on the same themes. Of late, art as telepathy—and how the constraints of that telepathy can be meaningful, as in film grain (re. Brian Eno)


Snippet: This body [this text, our body], our body [a photograph]. Whether light, flesh, or the word encases our psyche, we hope that you’ll be able to spot us.


Doctrine: Some insight into the social character of poverty—that it is not merely a lack, but a system that reinforces itself so that even when there is overabundance, scarcity will be created by artificial means—divisions drawn up arbitrarily. Made so clear on our bus ride, this racially segregated society of ours.


December 11, 2023 Day 23
Elijah in Rwanda. Decently comatose, we need to wake up. Signed up to help out with UChi-con. Mess with Adobe for Sliced Bread. Went out for a three-miler. Cleaned up. There is no “passing” time. The desert vast and pure. Published our sliced bread wrapped, sent out an email about secret santa. 


“The blues singer with the cracked voice is the sound of an emotional cry too powerful for the throat that releases it” Brian Eno. 


December 10, 2023 Day 24
Raining out. Visions of Gideon. Hang out with Lara when she comes back to Connecticut. A fuck-all kind of day. 


Always think about making videos. So much b-roll already on our phone. As a curator of memory, it’s just a question of medium. Would we rather keep all the photos we’ve ever taken or the stuff we’ve written down? 


Snippet: Our last day in Hong Kong, we took the bus to go see the monkeys. Walking back there were these electrician’s markings by the sidewalk. We imagined them to be little houses. Then a conversation by the elevator, we thought—this is what people mean to each other. 


December 9, 2023
Woke up around 5:30. Grabbed our things to make the carpool at South. Met a first year named Neil on the plane. Viktor Tsoi of Kino. Got back home. Hugged mom. Knocked out and slept. Write to atone, proceed relentlessly and unflinchingly. 


December 8, 2023
Stayed up all night and bombed our exam. Felt the invincibility leak out of us as the clock counted down. Ran into Ray Simbiri at Bartlett, who cheered us up. Pick up where we fall. Rest and pack for our journey home. Had dinner with Moran and Josie. Snap out of the Kali Yuga. Did our laundry, go home clean. 4 hours.


Have to define ourselves by our own excellence.
Get pictures with people, not just of people.
Her is a 500 Days of Summer tribute. 


December 7, 2023
Watched 3 weeks worth of Burbank’s classes. Do our practice exam round 2:00. Burbank’s short son. 1:00pm, printed out our cheat sheets. Take a break. Put in our markings. Do the test from 2:00. Rest for an hour before the exam. Eye of the Tiger. Set out at dusk. Got stats out of the way. FA review. 


Six hash browns and two cups of Joe, carry us over. 


December 6, 2023
Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Have to think about landing internships for this summer. Went down a Doctor Who rabbit hole. World Enough and Time. Ran through Burbank lectures. Burbank is such a goated lecturer. @h.arr.y followed us. Peter Capaldi’s speeches as the doctor. Consolidation of our associated universes: tchan1002, tobyvfitness, tobes_photog. Thermography. Skies today went hard.


What makes up the corpus of our mind? Briefly immortalizing—to quote a friend we admire very much. So much creative thought. Just have to rein it in as we study for finals. 


Doctrine: In the age of accessibility, value lies in curation. 
Song: Ceilings by Lizzy McAlpine


December 5, 2023
Triple A'd our religion papers this quarter. Move on to stats+FA. Went down to Logan to check out the editing suites. Aidan texted if we could help him walk a dog. Met Bennie and Richard. Made 20 bucks. Grabbed a bite with Rina at Bart. We will never lose as long as we have human resource. Walked back to North. Edited our HKSA photos and submitted them to Leo and Ricky. Made an @h.arr.y inspired stop-action from our Cobb cafe scrap footage of MGITKM. 


Things of concern of late—light, the soul, moments, crystallization, strangeness, people, the cold, race and gender. 


We are a people gathered here by providence. 
My precious boy/ this insular earth/ is no place for us. 


Song: As I Stand Eternally Guarding the Grave of a God Shaped Hole by My Guitar Is Trying to Kill Me.


December 4, 2023
White Winter Hymnal. We’ve got a good paper brewing. The Fundamentals of Caring. Compartmentalize, grab the religion A. Banged out Hay Ibn Yaqzan to Last Christmas by Wham. Went out to primal scream. Flash photography. Talked to Thomas about light, flesh, and the word. Our essays on strangeness will be seminal. 


When Hayy took food from Absal, he tasted the sweetness and knew he had sinned. Just as in the Agganna Sutta, the beings that feasted on the buttery earth lost their ethereal form. 


December 3, 2023
Grabbed brunch at Baker with Colin Yuan. Guangxinyang. Returned our Logan media equipment. Called Lara and Maya. Zoomed Maddie from Craft-A-Lotta. Napped. Fire alarm. Sorted out our HKSA pictures. Write our religion essay. 


Stereoscopic photography. Simulate a viewfinder
Don’t operate on a poverty mindset—money is to be made, not saved.


December 2, 2023
Breakfast. Took headshots for HKSA at Saieh. Made 75 bucks. Went to dinner at Hutch. Cobb Cafe with Kofi DJing. Went to Clancy’s bday in the IHouse homeroom. Lots of our friends. First time seeing Gabby in a while. Mr. Fantastic Fox. Apple Bottom Jeans by Bob Dylan. We maintain friendships of intention by making them friendships of convenience. Walked back with Corinne. Stayed up with Jackie and Vanessa. We are a solitary beam of light. 


It was as if the raw image was just a set of bones; and our editing, manipulations of a malleable flesh. 


Zane’s recs: Talking Heads, Blind Guardian, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, Agalloch


December 1, 2023
Woke up asleep still. Our last FA class. Borrowed lighting from the Logan cage. Reached out to Aaron from FA about the Dorm Room fund. Did our laundry. Sliced Bread Wrapped. Nat Geo photographers. The Nightmare Before Christmas. Submitted mybusinesscourse. Went by Luke’s party. Went through our script. Had a good chat with Lola and Aviral. 


We enterprise, we politick. We’re a dog.
Recruit photographers—Sliced Bread as a patron of the arts.
Send out emails to the list of studio people we got. 


Countries traveled
Americas: United States, Canada, Dominican Republic, Hawaii
Europe: Spain, France, UK, Monaco, Italy, Germany
Asia: China, Hong Kong, Macau, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Singapore
Oceania: Australia, New Zealand.


States traveled
Northeast: Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Hampshire, Rhode Island
Mid Atlantic: New York, New Jersey, Maryland
South: Virginia, Louisiana
Midwest: Illinois, Indiana, Iowa
West: California, Arizona, Nevada
Other: Hawaii


November 30, 2023
Sent out our sliced bread email. Email from Emilio! Make our magazine more booklike. Less printings, higher quality. Got our religion extension till Monday. In Vivo. Picked up a recycled Manfrotto tripod from the AVS office. Phrenology with Michael Moran. Dirt Red Brass Band. Sliced Bread meeting. Secret Stalker Santa. Grabbed fourth meal with Vanessa. 


Posting our essays on medium like some sort of high intellectual. 
The latest stage of our social engineering—secret stalker santa. 
Moon journals—an artifact of earth as a planet. 
Subway panorama. Shoot street photography in the subway.


November 29, 2023
Spotify wrapped. Hammer out our religion essay. Spencer Tunick. The soul will be saved in writing. Went to religion. Put Christ back in Christmas. Corruption in Illinois. Add drop December 7th. Dropped by CNVC. Keep running into Eric Harwood. Made our intro to Colin Yuan. Caught up with Norton. Get ourselves in the class. Ran back for our HRL meeting. Henry Kissinger death. Xu Bing’s square word Calligraphy. 


You don’t let surgeons operate on their family members.
Holographic billboards in all visions of the future.
I am all the coolest people I know—so I have to know how to get close to them. 
Ithaka on Thomas Wang’s wall. 


November 28, 2023
Sat and talked with Connelly at breakfast. Settled in a Harper cubicle to grind out work  Civil religion in America—a national faith. Got our Calvino class for the winter. Spoke with Cheney for fundamentals. Ran into Rose as we crossed the Midway. Grabbed a bite at Woodlawn. La Cucaracha. Met with Nancy from Trott. We will live. Apply for internships. Hopped on the holiday train with the transit club. Freezing. Snapped pictures of the train. Grabbed a bite at fourth meal. Stayed up editing our pictures.


In the south, the birds fly with impervious speed. 


November 27, 2023
Fundamentals interviews. Meeting with Professor Meredith this afternoon. Had breakfast with Cyrus. Fucked up our schedule, missed class. Called Corinne. Limbo-esque day. Think we feel pretty destroyed from our visit home. The masque of red death. Grabbed dinner. Wake up early tomorrow and do our work. Get our three As and get out of here. Go to Harper first thing in the morning tomorrow. 


Come on, get up. Come on.
Tis nobler of the mind.


List of people we think are cool: Will Park, Elijah Jenkins, Kevin Treehan, Emily Wheeler, Colin Yuan


November 26, 2023
Showered and packed our things. Tachyons. Ludus calamari. Sent Chloe down to the train station. Land of the Lost—what an actually beautiful film. Chicago from the Sufjan Stevens album. Came home for an hour with mom before heading back to the airport. Archie dropped us off. Ran into Anderson at the gate. Lots of familiar acquaintances on the plane. Valbs and Zayd. The story of how four men found Muhammed. Got back to our room. Made some congee. Slept. 


What we chronicle. An extra hour with our mom. Movie dialogues. The little bits of mundane. This little pocket of air. We will live. We will live. 


November 25, 2023
Shoot triptychs. Took some pictures of Chloe. Went out for groceries with Mom and Chloe. Went down to the trails. God we are one sad little man. Going back to school tomorrow with a clean slate. Saul Gone. This suffocating feeling—hope things will feel better when we get back to school. Get back to our to-do list. Figure out accounting. 


And now the family is old and feeble, and there is nothing left to hate. Hate turned to pity, which dad said was the worst thing a man could be—pitied. And he taught us to beg. 


November 24, 2023
Did not do much today. Dinged up our focusing screen. Went out for a two miler. Cold. Fugue state. Get a replacement focusing screen if it really bugs us.


November 23, 2023
Sliced bread thanksgiving. Went out to West Rock with mom. Showed her where we run. Went to a little clearing. Thanksgiving hotpot. Make a chest mount for vlogging. Joe Biden got the jokes for sure. The fairness doctrine in broadcasting. Model collapse when AI trains on AI content: an AI ouroboros. 


Anamorphic lenses for the phone.
Out of poverty of mind. 
The two figures are contending with death. 


November 22, 2023
Finish our stats homework. Overcast skies. Showered to reset. Put our papers on medium because we were bored. Arhon called. Build our own camera rig. Have to get out of our bed. Watch Idiocracy. Went out for a 2 miler. Socrates and Jesus Christ—the two guys who knew light.


Snippet: A designation for the self: Witty, learned, erudite, but rough, rugged, dogged—and edgy. Soft spoken, euphemistic, employing frequent catachresis. We take photos with an eye to people. We write from the personal, as one is entangled with the metaphysical. We look to God, we live devoutly. We are a solitary light traveling north to Maine. 


Came back home to spend time with Mom but maybe distance is intensified by proximity. Use our breaks to get out there and do cool things. Winter break planning. Got to go backpacking. 


To take pictures of the eyes, because age will devastate you. 
The cinematography in that 80s monkey king show.


November 21, 2023
Toothpaste stains. The dentists canceled. We’re staying in. Send a stranger our photos to put up. Withdrew from our micro class. Sent Chloe off to the bus stop. Went for groceries with mom. Updates. This terribly insular earth. Shades of blue. Texted Vanessa. Go into West Rock tomorrow. Bring our camera. Learn how to make an omurice. Work on our little projects to fill the time. Raining out. 


The body has been a dull vehicle [if the core is not already a wrangled mass]. So strip away the flesh, strip away the ugliness. Say that the camel will pass into light to go through the eye of the needle. As will we.


Song: Kyoto by Phoebe Bridgers.  


November 20, 2023
Have to convince mom to leave her MLM. Called to renew our I551. Cold air makes clear stars. 
Ordered a battery charger. Went out on a three miler. Down to the track. Holden called us right as we turned the McDonalds. Gave him updates on our life. Get back on our plans. Called Dad. The joke density in Arrested Development.


Ask Sadiq and Peter soon about banking/consulting.
Been cultivating the ability to talk with strangers.
Cocteau twins get bitches.


November 19, 2023
Caught up with Smaiyl via text. Took the nifty fifty on a test drive. Went out with our penny board. Met a kid named Ryan, who showed us some one-handed bike riding. Talked fortnite and world events. The sky made us go grab our camera. A family of crows in the next condo over. Sherard in 186. Had hotpot with the fam. Holden called. Went out for a 3 miler. Realized we didn’t bring our camera battery charger. No more @tobes_photog this break. 


Warped perspective. Get a fisheye lens.
Multi-self portraiture. Get a tripod. 
Shoot faux film stills. Segments of three with subtitles. 


November 18, 2023
Slept in. Had gyozas with Chloe for brunch. Lobster dinner with mom. The cabinet of Dr. Caligari. Fixed our Riovaz article. Went out for a three miler. Trembling stars. Came back and showered. Flashes of light. Compile stuff tomorrow. Watch Uncut Gems. Why so many children in Gaza? Made eggs, had croissants. Snack before bed. 


Doctrine: A development on our theology. Light, the word, and flesh all encode information—they are creators of intelligence in the shapeless void and vehicles of the self. The flesh is the body we perceive each other. The word is the form of our consciousness. And light, that is the character of our soul, the origin of being, distinguished from consciousness as something more abstract, a feeling. 


Song: Grace by Axe and the Henchman. 


November 17, 2023
Woke up. Showered. Picked up our laundry. Packed. Talked with Christina about Ted during our FA class. Sadiq called. Good convos on our journey home. Carpool Christina got us to talk to a stranger on the plane. Met an Andrew Bridy from Syracus, who taught math at Yale and now works at Google. Back home in Connecticut. How much the camera is about access. Kinda want to just watch movies and sleep. Submitted our fundamentals application. 


I think of God everyday now. I have a terrible time staying here. 


November 16, 2023
Wayne Hsiung of Sonoma County. Had breakfast with Aiden. Get to know more grads. Auerbach’s mimesis. Went to our micro lecture. Met with Stephen at Harper Cafe. Talked strangeness. Brechtian acting. Was really nice to catch up. Stephen gave us leads to other professors. Come On Eileen as we exited Harper. Went to our stats section. Aidan Grogan wrote the article on Andy Shauf (The Magician). Talked WHPK, publications, and techno. Ran into Noah at bart. Compared notes on our journals. Talked Expositions. Noah’s girlfriend’s in charge of the Gadfly. What we owe to Columbia. Sliced bread dinner, a conglomeration of people. Michael Moran joined us. Erik Nystedt. Infinity Pool. Finished our stats homework. Finished FA. Pack for flight home. Sleep. 


God, we are one of those New England motherfuckers. We’ve got the heart of a dog. 
“One letter off from “expositions” and it’s “sex positions””
And the leaves crawl over the fields like tumbleweeds. 


Snippet: “This city is a big fuck-you to god,” Noah said. The reversal of the river, the raising of Chicago. Architecture as man’s imposition on nature (cf. Ayn Rand). An idea of carving up signs in the wilderness (cf. Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia), semiosis, the creation of something out of this chaos. All this the taming of the west, manifest destiny, cowboys who stirred up dust with their spurs. All this we thought about in what used to be shikaakwa, potawatomi land, the land of wild onions. 


Snippet: I miss you. Never been a big fan of the French, but they have something right when they say tu me manque. As if to miss is to have a lack of you. As if I miss you is the same as you are missing from me. 


November 15, 2023
Went to our religion class. Met with Henry. 80,000 hours. Chiaroscuro. Really proud of our Jeremy Zucker pictures. Ate with Ryan. Met for our micro group. Fix our Kanii article this weekend. Grilled cheese and tomato soup at Joe and Cristi’s apartment. Played codenames with the RAs. Under the Silver Lake, plot’s a feverish discoscape. 


All our lives we are corralled and herded in every which direction. 
Switched our flight to Friday, we can always make money back. 


The grace of god, to come in so battered from the storm. This was what we were thinking as we had grilled cheese and tomato soup at Joe and Cristi’s apartment. 


Snippet: And all round the ruckus ran knights of yore/ Their hollow faces/ their ransacked eyes.


Snippet: In the wasteland of what used to be the pier, I dreamt of every member of my family. By the rusted containers and the desecrated concrete. Craters the size of the fist of God. We laid down and watched the sky. This was the edge of memory. To my right was your face pressed against mine. To the left was the sea, to the left was oblivion. 


”The energy of Shaggy from Scooby Doo” via our Firebird interview notes. 


November 14, 2023
Finished our Riovaz article. Went to our micro lecture. Grabbed food with Audrey after. Saw Ryan. Have to do something about our micro class. Our asociality will lead to an early demise—we must get out there. You shall go and break bread. Fundamentals app due this Friday. Pablo Picasso’s light paintings @Darius Twin. Israel Hamas on Last Week Tonight. Jeremy Zucker. Got to see supercuts with Joyce. Lyfted back with Noa and Tony. Fourth meal with Jacinta, Emily, and Sanah. To run a commune. 


Tragedy of the Commons. The buffalo herds that roamed the great North American plains. Hunted to near extinction, because we are optimizers. And “that which is common to the greatest number gets the least amount of care”. Can we construct social norms to shift the cost equilibrium? To think of the Native Americans, to whom the land is not something to be owned, to whom ownership of the earth is unspeakable. 


Meta: We’re doing a buttload of things, entering the creative space. We are so cool. We need to move from spasms to fluid motion. 


November 13, 2023
Salvage for micro. The land is one incessant droning. Millennium Mambo. Indie authors, Calvino. Have to stop falling into microsleep during religion. Walked back to North. Napped and dreamt a very long dream. Texted Chloe. Wish sometimes that we went to the same college. Grabbed a quick bite at Baker. Cut our hair and showered. Sent birthday messages to our friends. Submitted our FA homework. Housekeeping matters. Be well.


Get ahead of work this week. We’re going home this Monday. Use Thanksgiving to reset. 
Do what Olivia Rae does. Talk to people, get leads for summer plans. Get out there!


November 12, 2023
Joined the shoot. The beach at 63rd. Among the reeds. Shadowed Ruby. Triangle of Sadness.  Walked back via Lake Shore Drive. Grabbed a bite at Bartlett. Become a polymath. Chicago, land of wild onions. Update our resume, we’re an arts editor now for the maroon. Banged out our micro pset. A last minute submission. 


Snippet: The camel will transmute into light to pass through the eye of a needle. And that light will be everlasting, forever emanating—just as this world seems to be, at the present moment, only interactions between light, flesh, and the word. 


Meta: 1% Changes. Style our hair, we put in vaseline. Change in priorities—we are someone intentional. We do things that other people won’t.


November 11, 2023
Made the merge. Callie in Survivor. Another Hail Mary. Watched All the Light We Cannot See. Got really tired. Mild hallucinations as we were trying to fall asleep. Slept. 


November 10, 2023
John Oliver. Take better care of our skin. Go swim when we have the chance. Showed up to our FA class and dipped. Napped again. Grabbed lunch with Olivia Rae. Sliced Bread could be so huge. Visited the office of the center for democracy. What a nice view of the quad. Scoped out locations. Got offered the Associate Arts Editor position for the Maroon. Went to Survivor. Game on. Went to JD’s. Anik, top 100 Smash Player. Talked to Jordyn Flaherty about her play. Aabir. Spent the night calling people. 


The Time Traveler’s Wife.


November 9, 2023
Slept in. Felt slightly horrible most of the day. Went to our collaborative stats session. A soft reset. Picked up keys from Cristi. Went to dinner with Sliced Bread. Really good meeting. Love our projector, the circle of couches. Something in our eyes, a collective vision. Paper cutting study break was a good time. Listened to music with Thomas. King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard. Submitted our stats homework. Slept. 


To hold him by the neck and say “do you know what it means to live”
As a heavy metal drummer plays us out. 
Because how many times can a man escape death?
On Sliced Bread. Really want people to feel like they have a stake in this, because they do. 


Sliced Bread: The magazine is what the magazine eats. We have to be inclusive in community but exclusive in the submissions that we take. Quality assurance.


November 8, 2023
Texted Kary. Manchester by the Sea. Published our coolcat. Went to our religion class. Pulled up to Trott. Walked back to North our HRL meeting. Slept. Write our author bio for Firebird. 


Opened our texts and saw “I think I’m poop” written in the message line. 
Why would she put that in my phone? That’s bizarre. We just met. 


Song: Come on Eileen. Holy Smokes by Anna Bates.


November 7, 2023
Evangelion. Time for a cool cat. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Went to our micro lecture. Do homework so that we have time this week. Napped. Submitted one version of our prereg. Watch Almost Famous. Twiddle thy thumbs. Sat down with Alex and Leah at Hutch. Scoped out Euphony. Finished our artist feature guide. Psyops? Walked for the moda model casting call—broke down and giggled. Good fourth meal with Thomas. Nice long talk with Vanessa and Jackie into the night. Booker T. Washington apologists. Slept. 


An image is the cross section of memory. 
In Macau with Olger, how important it is just to think that you can win. 
Be so keen that the past is a prison, not for one to dwell. 
You shall go and break bread with strangers. 


Winter Booth Link December 17 https://chicagobooth.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_01eBIH9wXk08hUx


Thoughts for Sliced Bread via Euphony:
Really like our Trophy Room, the projector is goated
Do intros/icebreakers, have conversational norms. 
Closing activity to tie things together. 


November 6, 2023
Grabbed brunch at Baker. Caught up with Pedro at the pasta bar. Went to our religion class. Reach out for the Japanese House. Thanksgiving’s coming up really soon. Published our photos. Stayed in our room. Slept. Get on things. 


Doctrine: Deformity of the body scares us because it threatens our definition of the human. So much so that one can drown an infant by claiming it to be a baby hippo. (c.f Mary Douglas)


Look into star wars costumes. The rags, so early christian. 


November 5, 2023
Ran into Clancy and Lincoln after they went to Mormon church. Caught up with Inah. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Walked to Reynold’s. Snapped photos of Clancy. Watched Anderson do Mock. De la porta. Midlands is really international. Went to our editors meeting for Sliced Bread. Introduced Alexa to Phoenix. Ran into Evgenia and Noam at Bart. Took the L up with them to Thalia Hall. Bonny Doon and Slaughter Beach, Dog. In the photo pit. Lyfted back with Daniel, Nic, and Josie. From the corner of 3rd and Washington. Went to Noah’s apartment to go meet her girlfriend. Generations of the New England establishment. Guangxinyang. Got back to our room and sorted through our pictures. 


In the photo pit, in front of the boombox—the reverberations were hitting us, we could feel the music push us back as we posed to snap the band in different lights. 


Apply Universalism to Behind the Lens. Eliminate noise from our scenes. Contrast light and shadow. 


Poem list:
Go and Catch a Falling Star by John Donne
Thoughtless Cruelty by Charles Lamb
Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge
The Waste Land by T. S. Eliot
Pseudacris Crucifer by Terrence Hayes. 


November 4, 2023
Grabbed breakfast. Did our laundry. Finish our stats homework. Submitted our stats homework after a 5 hour grind. Grabbed dinner before heading out to Fire Escape. Filmed our scenes. Our actorial debut. Jack Bordeaux on Lighting. David Lara. Yawned, big sleepy. Lyfted back to North. Pitched behind the lens to Claudia. Uploaded fall pictures to tobesphotog. Our entries for the fall photo contest. Goldengrove unleaving. 


Spring and Fall by Gerald Manley Hopkins.
To swell the gourd and pump the hazel shells.


November 3, 2023
Oreo breakfast. Do our stats homework. Goodwill. Drifting into microsleep. Had water with Claire. Pablo Escobar. Spoke to Katie about Fundamentals. Went out to midnight soccer with Kireeti and Geronimo. Have to try a good burrata. Zeneli’s. 


In the valley of the dog. 
Sorry that my hands smell like lobster.


Sliced bread: make an artist feature presentation. 


November 2, 2023
Don’t think we did too well on our micro exam. We move on. Went to our stats collab section. Dinner with Anderson, Claire, and Jayson. News about Beau. The sky. Had a really good talk with Raghav ahead of our sliced bread meeting. Ballad in A by Cathy Park Hong. Have to think about things. Our first photography gig?


November 1, 2023
First day of november. Spoke with Haydt about strangeness. Ate at Bart. Settled on the A level. Thoughtless Cruelty by Charles Lamb. Went home and napped. Studied for micro in the egg. Sleep 5 hours, we have 10 hours to study. 


The German enlightenment thinkers were forced to deal with the strange new religious communities in North America, who had no concept analogous to western reason, politics, or philosophy. Whispers of cannibalism. 


Hayy Ibn Yaqzan as a Platonic Heuristic :
Death of the doe precipitates Hayy’s discovery of the metaphysical. Section 42 
Analogy of mirrors, ideal forms can only be communicated via the symbolic image. Section 132
Harangue against the Orators, practitioners of rhetoric. Section 136
Allegory of the Cave. Section 150
There cannot be coercion in bringing people to the light, a failed attempt will render them blind. 


Memento: Have the heart of a dog. Stay rabid. Stay hungry. 


October 31, 2023
First snow on Halloween. October Country. November Sky. Went to our Micro lecture. Had a good talk with Lucy. The God of Small Things, Arundhati Roy. Met Thomas at the Reg for interview prep. Went down to Cobb Cafe to talk to Josie about I wish to be beautiful and haunting. Murakami’s ghostly women. Grabbed our camera to take pictures. Stopped by a Mock Trial scrimmage. Do miss it. Talked to Zane about film. Made eggs for dinner. 


Recommendation from Zane. Sculpting in Time by Tarkovsky.
Slow motion down to a trance. Pan the shot, keep the frame.
The Burning House in Tarkovsky’s Mirror. 


Art as Technique. Schlosky. All about defamiliarization.
How does the mind reconcile the bizarre?
How does one accept that which is odd?


Be intentional.
Light, word, and flesh. The word is embody. To become someone. To be a master of the body.
 
October 30, 2023
Gnod music map. Went to our religion class. Grabbed Hutch with Emily. Ororo jackets. Autism. Finally put our tongue on the feeling, it’s as if we’re learning how to meet someone again. The Quebecois Circus Association. Decided that we were going to apply to be a fundamentals major. Called dad. 


Ibn Tufyad’s Hayy Ibn Yaqzan
“And he pried his mother’s heart open in search of her soul”


October 29, 2023
Woke up. Grabbed lunch. Pancakes, no syrup. Finished our stats take home midterm. Fear that the grey season is coming in. Woke up hungry. Got dinner. Went down to Rockefeller Chapel to watch The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari with Ryan. Kabuki-esque. Brechtian acting. The organs! 


The curved walls and triangular doors.
Some ideas for our short film. 


October 28, 2023
Spent the day on our Stats homework. Did laundry. Grabbed fourth meal with Henry Josephson. Went to Nando’s with Ryan. Per peri chicken liver. Dropped by Hyde Park Records. Battlefield band. Went down to Ginny and Veronica’s. 36 questions with Noah. The perks of being a wallflower. Big thief karaoke circle. Dropped by the OLAS party. Came back with our residents. Listened to Vanessa play the piano. Slept at 3:00


Set a man at variance with his father, and divide brothers from brothers. 
Song: Regent’s Park by Bruno Major. Change by Big Thief.


October 27, 2023
Woke up at 8:00. Took our accounting and stats midterm back to back. Had a quick lunch with Raquel. Daisies, a 1966 Hungarian Short Film. Met with Mason. Nap. Reset. Took a stroll down to Cathey to eat with Ava. Connecticut kinship. Guido all dripped out. Went out to play soccer. The one man army was short lived. Got hungry. Dropped by Tiffins. Nostalgia trip. Stood for a bit in the ihouse courtyard. 


You will go out and break bread with strangers. 


October 26, 2023
Block out time today. And time will fly into the corner of your eye. Fucked up with Yuto, do our micro. Went down to meet Sergio’s girlfriend Courtney. Submitted our essay at midnight. Arya gave us some shin ramen. Fire drill at two in the morning. Walked up 10 flights of stairs with Jackson. 


October 25, 2023
Key and Peele. Nope. Went to our religion class. Returned and napped. Went downstairs for a meeting with. Had samosas from Rajun Cajun for our study break.


Return of the Purple Eaters, a Halloween short 
The pained leader motif, Seneca’s Thyestes
Let things fulfill their telos. The 道德經 through an Aristotelian lens.


October 24, 2023
Woke up. Grabbed breakfast at Bartlett. Went to Micro. Split the bigger pie. Snapped pictures of our friends. Learn to do portraits. Came back and napped. Went to fourth meal. Met Aiden. Bang out medical materialism. 


The world belongs to those who ask. 
We will never relinquish this piece of sky. 
Images of exquisite beauty. 


Song: FRIENDS by Laundry Day. 


October 23, 2023
Ran into Sarah Huang. Going to Slaughter Beach, Dog on November 5th. Bach at the bond chapel. Snapped pics of bees. Firebird meeting. Had dinner with Nicole, Ashley and Meghana. Walked back. Grind on our essay. Got hungry and remembered that Baker is right next to us. 


Financial accounting. Classification. Religion. Durkheim. Very Durkheim. 
Mencius, the anti-Machiavelli, this anti-Hobbes, state of nature.
The political and social framework is salient. Sustainable social order originates from empathy. 
“Human institutions cannot be founded on falsehood.” Durkheim


“The bird shrieks, so the gentleman cannot bear to be close to the kitchen” Mencius 1A7


Trichinosis prognosis. 
Snippet: I want the snow to fall in buckets/ just cover the ground/ and render it silent


October 22, 2023
Went thrifting with Ely and Sean. Village discount outlets. Grabbed a couple jackets. Mason and Chris. Grabbed a board game too. All the King’s Men. Took pictures on the quad. Dropped by Moran’s. Night pictures. Went up to the top of the parking lot again. Chilly. Found Jupiter’s moons.


Short film: On Brothers. Jacob and Esau.


October 21, 2023
Went down to Chinatown with Ryan. Grabbed Saffron for dinner. Neon Genesis Evangelion Episode 14. The eyes of the angels. Christianity in Neon Genesis Evangelion. Made pancakes with Lily and her friend. 


We’re gonna be a big music guy. 
Get into Indie. 


October 20, 2023
Woke up to the morningstar. Got up and walked to our FA class. Aaron Pickard from Terran Orbital. Watch Neon Genesis Evangelion. Submitted our math homework. Shower, midnight soccer tonight. Slow day. We can airdrop websites? Went out to Midnight soccer. Played against Salisbury—then joined Del Giorno against Halperin. 50 bodies on the field, we had a great time. 


Write emails for concerts we want to go to.
Kishi Bashi’s Omoiyari. 


“It’s not like he’s our father.” Billy.


October 19, 2023
Settled in the A level. Submitted our FA homework. Went down to Chinatown to buy buns. Submitted a refund request. Mia Goth. AI’s everywhere. Chill out. It’s all showmanship. Got ourselves free wix premium. Make a website! Gave our sliced bread meeting. Got a good group going. 


Frog Rage the Band


October 18, 2023
Called Aboo when we woke up. Settled in the A level to knock out our religion readings. Destroy Superabundance, Starve the Flesh. The Aganna Sutta, a liquid earth reminiscent of Calvino’s Cosmicomics. Had lunch with Leena. Talked to Vanessa before heading to religion. The spidery gesticulations of Professor Haydt. Met Emily outside Hutch. Dropped by restore with Erik Ely. Grabbed dinner with Alec and Lekha. Our newest feature film: Fire Escape Shoots a Porno. Had hot wings. Do laundry. 


Prompt: And there they dwell, mind-made, feeding on delight, self-luminous, moving through the air, glorious—and they stay like that for a very long time. Aganna Sutta, Sutta 27.


Snippet: Light we thought we saw on her skin—before we realized the sin of idolatry. And we were cast out of Eden, the light of our amorphous soul vanquished, the prisons of our flesh realized again. 


Sketches of a boy living circa 2020 through snippets. Sartre’s stickiness. Because the definition of self is so easily infringed. 


October 17, 2023
Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Settled in the A level of the reg. Bang out work. Didn’t go to our micro lecture. Ran around feeling foggy. Took a good nap. Compiled a list of concerts we’d like to go to. @theavenuemag. Called Indigo. Called family.  


Snippet: The bioelectricity of mushrooms, their fourth dimensional screaming.
Song: Evangeline by Stephen Sanchez. Kokomo, IN by Japanese Breakfast.


October 16, 2023
Woke up to the Backseat Lovers. Made our sliced bread poster in the A level. Molenilo font. Ordered 75 dollar worth of buns from Chiu Kwon for pickup on Thursday. Sakir Khadir’s photos of men and children in Palestine. Read on suffering and the Buddha. Had Hainanese chicken rice from Hutch. Protests on the quad. Coffee and the Chairs. Moved to the Harper cubicles. Went to our first Firebird meeting. Poach talent. Met Claire who does Photography. Grabbed a bite at Baker with Olivia Rae. Encounters with the Jeff Lind. Worked at Hutch. Co-editors in Chief. Grabbed fourth meal with Josie and Clancy. Showed Clancy our room. Do a fire escape with Clancy. 


Snippet: We’re going to be evangelists. Get people to sign on. Spread the good word. Treat it like our baby. Dog-gone hunger. Produce, produce, produce. The money shot. Undergrad, underground, understaffed.


Puniceus purpureus, the big purple eater
The great interconnectivity of things should shock you. 
Song: Out of Tune by the Backseat Lovers.


October 15, 2023
Call ahead for buns. Grabbed breakfast with Joe at Baker. Ideas for Polsky. Talked business with Devin and Sergio on the A level. Chicago Designers Collective, the Coffeemobil. Stopped by the Maroon Arts. Almost Famous. Met Angelique. Maybe we’ll finish our article on Kanii. Went to Luke’s apartment to rehearse for Otherworld. First day on the set. Ran lines with Quinn. Took our couple pics in the park. The sunset in our room! Took out our camera. Grabbed dinner with Aabir, Lucy and Andrew at the Nile. The arayis was bomb, a crispy delight. Went down to the midway. Magnum dong. The song from the Boys. Printed out our religion readings. Gary, Indiana this weekend. 


The cursus honorum of sushi chefs and filmmakers.


Get graphics tees. Flannel sweats from Restore. 
Polsky, ancestr.ai sounds really cool. 


October 14, 2023
Went down to woodlawn to talk bread with Ashley. Branding, the wide angle bread shot. Took the green line down to Chinatown. Had dim sum at Imperial. Came back, took a nap and got knocked out. Slept for 4 hours. Grabbed dinner at hutch with Aabir and Lobo—met Cyrus from Hong Kong. Got our friends to donate their meal swipes. We’re in Firebird! Got casted by Fire Escape. Big creative era. Get back to photography. 


Snippet: If the world was just a 5 by 5 feet sliver of rock jutting out of the blue sea—a man will stand there for all eternity. he will not jump.


Song: First Day of My Life by Bright Eyes.


October 13, 2023
It’s Friday the 13th. Made sliced bread a three headed beast. Designed workflows during our FA class. Systems sciences. Submissions are our lifeblood. Grabbed lunch at Bartlett. Talked briefly with Oia. So many plans. Sent out emails for Sliced Bread. Applied for the Associate Arts Editor position at the Maroon.  Sat with Corinne and Raymond. Grabbed dinner at Bart with Josie. Hedgehog in the Fog. Saw Occam’s Razor at the FXK. Running gags. Walked back to North. Rested before going out to play soccer with Thomas and Aravil. In the rain and the mud, we became animals. Forgot how good this feels. Jim Thorpe.


Memento: Some people will have the nice homes and the nice things, and that will not be you. But you will be given something far greater, and that is dominion over yourself. 


October 12, 2023 
Mom’s birthday. Grabbed breakfast at Baker with Alicia. Worked on our FA homework. Met Peter and Sadiq at Harper. Submitted our FA homework. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Met Liam from Hong Kong. Alec came. Fries with sour cream. Watched the sunset out of DNik. Finished stats with Rose. Went to our super secret sliced bread meeting. A revival to the glory days. Rebranding as something punk, rebellious, even anti-establishment. All about branding.. Teeth gnashing on sliced bread. Grabbed 4th meal. Called Mom. Put ourselves on Bite magazine.


Gorky’s Zygotic Mynci. 


October 11, 2023
Grabbed breakfast with Moran. Thought we misplaced our hippo. Went on a goose chase around campus. Settled in Hutch to read Leviticus. Messed around on squarespace. Sliced bread is 15 years old? Saw pictures of the team in old issues of the mag. We’re enacting a resurrection. Dug through Mary Douglas’ Purity and Danger. Grabbed Saffron. Found our hippo at Swift. Religion. Caught up with Josh. Talking about nanotubes. Go see the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, recommendation via Daniel. RAs talking about unionizing. Dropped by debate. Walked back North for the fire drill. Aired out our sneakers. 


Photoprompts: 
“I am better than him. For you made me out of fire and him out of clay’” Ayah al-A’raf 7:12
“Boil not a kid in their mothers milk.” Deuteronomy 14:21
“It’s stickiness is a trap, it clings like a leech; it attacks the boundary between myself and it” 
Jean Paul Sartre, Essay on Stickiness
“As fish belong in the sea so worms belong in the realm of the grave, with death and chaos” Mary Douglas, Purity and Danger. 


Mary Douglas: Reflection on dirt. Religion is a question of classification (c.f Durkheim). The Taxi Driver must define himself against the filth, separate himself from the muck.


Snippet: Saw their faces, and it was as if, all of a sudden, I heard a thousand screams come out from below the hill, like a colony of bats bursting from a mound. 


October 10, 2023
Breakfast at Baker. Greek yogurt with dried mangos. Picked up our UPass. Settled in Bart. Ate with Elijah, Rina and Jesenia. Taiwanese indie, the Chairs. Fight the grey. Went to our micro lecture. Ate with Lucy and Audrey. Had our Firebird interview at Ex Lib—actually really want to be part of the club now. Went to the Harper cubicles to finish our micro pset with Kaan, Yuto and Audrey. Went down to Cathey with Yuto afterwards. The Chicago Kabuki Club. IM Volleyball. Grabbed a water at fourth meal. Returned to work on Stats with Rose. Cut our hair. 


Asked Yuto if he thought it would be weird to go to an onsen with friends. 


Reduced to a hollow shell of anecdotes. 
Speak softly, be euphemistic, always alluding to animals
this thing parasitic, or that thing a worm heart. 
Stop jerking off, go work out. 


October 9, 2023
Got our religion essay back. We’re the goat. Grabbed a quick bite at Baker. Ran into Alicia, who gave us a blueberry cupcake for her birthday. Walked to the quad. The tour groups roving about campus in great herds. Did our religion reading on the A level. Had a really good talk with Anderson at lunch. Vienna by Billy Joel, the Politician. Worked on our micro pset with Yuto on the 5th floor. Hung out with Audrey. Stopped by our micro discussion. Up the red staircase of Ryerson. Saw the rings of Saturn. Reynolds, men in suits. Opened submissions for sliced bread at Hallowed. Went up to fourth meal. Fingertips rubbing the wrinkled skin of a dried apricot. Slept. Swim or drown.


Told Anderson this, that leaving mock feels like jumping off a cliff—because it’s nice to have people around—and truth be told, we’re scared by the void. But we do just have to get out there. If we can do anything, we can do it anywhere.  


Meta: Must realize that this journal is at once a reflection and a direction. How we think of ourselves becomes who we are. Writing about and for ourselves is a thing of tremendous power. We need to remember that. 


Song: Last Christmas by Wham.


October 8, 2023
Slept in. Shaved. Went down to the Hyde Park book fair. Acquired a couple Nat Geo posters from the 70s. Life photos. Clean up our room. A call from Sierra Leone. Wagon Wheel. Auditioned for a Fire Escape film. Weather turning a nostalgic chilly. Ate with Shannon and Kayla. Took a massive nap. Wolfed down a meal before our house meeting. Always be grinding. TBC did not take us. Printed out our religion stuff—make a map. Use the Yuen printer. 


Enuma Elish: The concept of sacrifice represented so gutturally. Death and fertility. Something fecund. Qingu the Agnus Dei, they put the burden of the gods on us.


Song: Wagon Wheel by Ketch Secor. 


October 7, 2023 
Grabbed chicken soup at Bartlett. Coolcatted. Met Ryan on the quad. Took the metra up to millennium station. Ate at Canes. Walked along lake shore drive. Sears tower. Went up to the Lincoln zoo. Reptile house. Saw some red faced macaques grooming each other. Prestack teams came out—a weird feeling to not be doing mock anymore. Took the metra back to 57th. Had vermicelli at Hutch. What’s going on with Israel? Made pasta with Ryan. Elysium. 


Be not afraid to set out from the flock, be egregious. 
Wishlist: Picnic Basket, Tent, Canoe, Projector, Box Camera like the one in godland.


October 6, 2023
We’re good with this shit. We’re goated. Draw maps of connections as we go about reading religion. Motif log. Nostalgic fall chill as we walked to FA. The cold whip of the air. Mapped out our Durkheim essay in FA. The Buddha’s uncontestable humanity. Show up to office hours with Professor Haydt on Monday. Did the McKinsey game. Our first day on call. Banged out Durkheim to the Fleet Foxes. Applied to TBC with the half an hour we had left. Alexey Titarenko. Rina. Stayed up with Vanessa and Jackie watching a cappella in the lounge. The sun setting over the serengeti. Applied to Firebird. Applied to Bite. We really got everything down. Look at Eckhart Consulting. 


Make Sliced Bread more indie/alternative
Everything all at once Sliced Bread collage
Something about hands. 
We need designers asap. 


This great and awesome idea that we’re going to learn business by running college publications.
Been listening to Neutral Milk Hotel on repeat for the past couple days


October 5, 2023
A cold and dispassionate crowd. Had a really good talk with Peter from our FA class. Exeter, Chicago, we’ve got something. Figured out our FA stuff. Three bowls of soup with Alec and Max from UChicago Sailing. Dropped by the reg. Abecedarian. Talked to Judy at Ex Lib. We need a moodboard—branding is about knowing our customer. Went to SliC. Grabbed dinner at Baker. T-5 to finish our stats homework. Hosted our first study break. Brought home a little plant friend. Submitted our stats homework. We’re an extreme R goat. Made some really cool graphs. Shower and read so that we can compose an essay tomorrow. 


Start cold-emailing people. We really just need to do that. 


October 4, 2023
Woke up in the morning. Saw a nice picnic basket on marketplace. Skipped our stats class. Hung out on the quad with Misaki. Got an extension on our religion paper. Shopped Lekha’s Self class. Valbs. Arrived at Trott late. Went to the DSP event. Frozen mangos. Designer bootcamp—would be nice to know how to make clothes. Go to our stats workshop tomorrow night. Embody a persona.


October 3, 2023 
Got out of bed. Ran into Lekha at breakfast. Caught up. Homosociality. Quaded with Vanessa. Laid down. The trees, canopy. The King of Carrot Flowers, Part Two and Three. Went back to grab our camera. A rhythm to the flow of people crossing the quad. Catch up on our readings—print them out—read Durkheim in full. Markets are everywhere. Grabbed lunch with Moran. Grabbed some slides from Target. Submitted our photog app for MODA. Napped. Went out to the quad. Grabbed dinner with Celina. Ran into Aabir on the A level—showed him our room. Went up Campus North parking to take pictures of Chicago with Aabir.


“The pious life of the Australian moves between successive phases—one of utter colourlessness, one of hyper excitement—and social life oscillates to the same rhythm”


Albums we’ve listened to in full: Woodland, In the Aeroplane Over the Sea, Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots, Cigarettes After Sex, Mt. Joy, Illinois.


Aesthetic morality, take Nagasawa from Norwegian Wood
To have a curious philosophy about living life. 
Be seen only ever drinking a water
People are going to say things, and many of them will be beautiful, yet few will be true. 


October 2, 2023
Woke up. Put on our clothes. Had a bowl of yogurt at Baker. Simpson’s paradox. Dropped by reg fest after religion. Felt awfully sad. Made a paper Rockefeller. Walked back to North and took a nap. Woke up to the afternoon sun. The edge of the sphere gleaming. May have fucked up looking at the sun through our viewfinder. Called Zara for an hour and a half. This saved the day—was nice to catch up. Slept.


“Have this picture, have this memory forever.”


October 1, 2023
Woke up to a lazy morning. Cleaned our room. Went downstairs to do our laundry. Going to spend our last day as a teenager writing—think that’s appropriate. Listened through In the Aeroplane Over the Sea. Put posters up for Doc films. Walked by a Latin and Ballroom dancing session, people taking wedding pictures, a group of Quebecois tourists. Ran into Norton at Plein Air. Saw Taxi Driver on 35mm with Clancy. Grabbed a quick bite at Bart before walking down to Cathey. Soft soft fountain grass on the Midway. The afternoon sun. Talked Sliced Bread with Josie—covered operations, designed a workflow. Lyfted back to north for our meeting with Joe and Cristi. Make our room a studio. Called Chloe. Made eggs. A revelation from Jackie.


To do before we turn 20, shower, take out the trash, wake up to a clean morning


Snippet: An urge to write, to capture these dying electrical impulses. Newborn wonder. Because “the unexamined life is not worth living.” Something about the soul that needs saving. The image is shattered and reformed, we say, the image is shattered and reformed. 


Sliced bread bipartite. The magazine we know how to do. The artist's features are what's going to make us relevant. The ability for people to repost their friends' faces and be like “hey check out my friend’s stuff.”


Sep 30, 2023
Theater 24. Was an experience to see Lincoln at work. The dissection of a script. Ran into Oia on our lunch break. Rehearsed, rehearsed, rehearsed, then performed. Warmed up in a circle. This collective thing. Pass the Squeeze. The lights were blinding—we gave our monologue. Crowd was awesome. Out on the parapet with Josiah and Ethan. The moon and Saieh. What a high! With Guido on the couch. Exhausted. Walked back to North, showered and slept. The past 48 hours have been so long in the best way.


Clancy told us that we’d show up in the morning, see the script and think this is going to be terrible, but it’s all going to come together. That’s exactly what happened. 


We by Yevgeny Zamyatin. 
The moon as a monstrous eye. 


Sep 29, 2023
Went to our Booth FA class. Felt like a whiz kid. Had lunch with Zofie. “Winning the room.” Tabled for sliced bread. Manned the stand for 2 hours til Josie came. Taped a poster to our shirt. Guerrilla advertising. Recruited Mateo Connelly to come behind the table with us. Went with Ryan to Theater 24. Grabbed a quick dinner before leaving with Annie to pick up ice cream from Target. Mid-autumn moonrise, like a cutout in the sky. Talenti, what luxuries. Grabbed eggs, because they’re just nice to have. Left for the point with Ryan after our house event. The moon cast our shadows on the grass. Mock around a fire. Funny feeling to see all these people together again. Max and Ryan got a little drunk. Sat on the rocks. Talked to Olivia Rae. Got back a little after midnight. Found ourselves locked out of our room. Made eggs in a cup. Went outside and took pictures of the moon. Ran into Noah by the smart museum. Long night, we showered and slept. 


In our booth class:
“What’s your background?” A
“Oh you’re going to like this.” B
“—I’m a college student.” C


Your mission, should you choose to accept, is to go up to five strangers and tell them to follow @slicedbreadmag. The world changes when you realize strangers are just people you haven’t met yet. 


Sep 28, 2023
Bart mushroom feast. Went to the Mock Trial social mixer. Left for Wopo. Legs kinda sore. Came back hungry. Aravil gave us some food his mom made. Billy asked us if we drink—think we might be too much of a chiller. The Kitchen Czar war. Submitted our McKinsey App. Class early tomorrow. Went to bed.


Sep 27, 2023
Ran into Clancy at Barlett. Caught up. Settled on the A level. An interview request from Heinz. Kingdom of Heaven. City of God. Sat with Rose in Stats. Bart midday lunch rush—things are good again. Went to our religion class. Love the way Haydt speaks. Avail yourself. Acquired a lanyard. Went to look at posters with Marcell in Reynolds. Got samosas and an eel friend from the quad fair. Walked back to North with Vanessa. Took a quick nap. Put on a dress shirt and left for Polsky. Ran back for our Campus North staff meeting. PHP might be a pyramid scheme. Figured out workday stuff. Changed our lyft home address from IHouse to North. Slept.


https://shannonnissabaileypowers.net/novel/


Sep 26, 2023
Woke up to rolling thunderstorms. Windowblinds drawn. Low visibility. Grabbed breakfast at Bartlett. Ran into Leena. We need more chillers on mock. Ran into Aravil and Anna on the A-level. Grabbed a quick bite at Bartlett with Isabelle. Already liking Min, our micro prof. Relentlessly and unflinchingly. Went up to the Subterranean in Wicker Park for a Maroon assignment. Grabbed good shots of Riovaz. Took a lyft back.


Abandoned silos. Lower Wacker. Cars doing donuts.
The camera is an eye. Our eye is a camera. 
A designation for ourselves—be soft spoken and euphemistic. Pretty alright. Not too bad. 
Rushdie’s Sundarbans in Midnight’s Children.


Garfield green line we sat on the bench and watched the clouds above the railing and the light that broke through the clouds.


People are rational agents. We can put a monetary value to non-monetary things. Hours are not free. Think carefully about the opportunity cost of time. 


Sep 25, 2023
Light rain in the morning. Slept in. Did not meet James Warden of the Chicago Ornithological Society. Tired Eyes. Met Nicole at Woodlawn for lunch. Talked Mock Trial. Ran into some of our D-Nik residents. Far from home. Grinded in the fishbowl. Moved outside to a stone bench outside the law school. Sat out and.Aabir came. Worked on our resumes. Turned around to find a calmness. The sky blue above the trees. Phone died. We went into woodlawn. Like descending into something subterranean. A primordial shift. Had dinner with Devin, Sergio and Alec. Grinded on apps into the night. 


Song: Julia by Mt. Joy. 


Sep 24, 2023 
Trip to B’Gabs goodies. Daniel. Neon Genesis Evangelion. Walked around Nichol’s Park. Taiyaki. Ice cream in Japanese fish waffles. Sat down in a circle on the green. Met with Joe and Cristi before our House meeting. The Changeling. Went to bed.


Sep 23, 2023
Went out with the RDs to the point. Our first time at the sandy part of the beach. James and Jeanie. Did our laundry. Grabbed our bucket hat and camera. Went to the Hyde Park Jazz Fest with Vanessa. They ruined Hutch. Late stage capitalism at its finest. Got Saffron. Ate with Elijah, Isaac and Sal. Met Ryan at the MSI. Walked back to North. Got really sad. David Foster Wallace. “I want to write books that people will read in 100 years.”


Sep 22, 2023
Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Waterworld. Take human resource inventory from our sliced bread signups. Furnish our resumes—fill out apps today so we can do cool things. Go bird watching tomorrow. Bring our camera. Beautiful princess disorder. Filled out entries for the last couple of days. Update our instagram presence. F’d up, deleted our everything folders. Met up with Moran. Wandered onto the top of Mandell. Played big chess. Had dinner at Veronica and Ginny’s. Beef Bulgogi rice from trader joes. IHouse from the back of the fire escape. Held a container of cocaine. Veronica does cool art. Dropped by Reynolds. Sad boi hours. A clinical loneliness? Did pushups, showered. Go to bed.


Been writing in fragments, ostrakoi. Gotta give the what's up, rundown, awesome hour delivery on the past couple of days: photography, RAing, the act of becoming and producing. Slice bread could be our vision for an artistic revolution. Think we’re ready to return to a philosophy of openness. Embodying Will Park. Fall invincibility. Get ready for more Jaspers—there are people here that will mean a great deal to us, who are at the present moment mere strangers. Hype up!


Humans of Toby
Clackbridge troll


Song: Chicago by Sufjan Stevens. 


Sep 21, 2023
Got back to our room round 5:40 in the morning. Poured the sand out of our shoes. Took a shower and slept till noon. Met Josie at the reg at 2:30. Talked through evening plans, printed out a qr code for our Sliced Bread interest form. Rose helped us make our poster/spinner sign while Josie secured the bread. You’re a resident not friend. Walked our kids over to Aims of Education. Had a brief convo with Daniel. Walked back to North. Found all the RAs in Baker. Had dinner. Took a lyft with Josie to Logan around 7:30. Tabled. We can sell, we proselytize. Spun our sign around. Fig jam was a hit. Split the last slice with Josie. Dropped by an open mic, Seventeen from Heathers. I-House diaspora outside of Harris. Caught up with Lulu and other people in Off-Off. Lyfted back to North. Wrote up a cool cat for the dunes before we fell asleep. Been an awesome couple of days. 


Song: Drops of Jupiter by Train


Sep 20, 2023 
Move in day two. Rose pushed us around in one of the move-in carts. RD reception. Avenue Q. Cleaned up our room. Convocation procession. Took photos. Went primal. Made it to the front page of @uchicagocollege. Ran into Josie and Claire from Sliced Bread. Picked up a box of old mags from Claire’s apartment. Talked with Josie. Command hooks—put glizzy up on the wall. A nice sunset by 53rd street. First house meeting. Aviral’s our resident now, we played soccer with him on prospie night. Went with Rose, Reem and Ha to the Glow Party, bopped it with Mateo Pearman at the silent disco. Went back to our room and packed quickly for the night. Took the 11 train out of Chicago to the Indiana Dunes. Brought our camera. 


Passed a fire in Gary, Indiana. The defunct metra stop at Dune Park. Red lights on telephone wires. Cicadas and the horn of a passing train, we walked through the woods. Vegetation, a seclusion. Took the most freeing dump of our lives by the parking lot at 2:00. Skinny dipped, sat down on the smooth sand—a cold bath. Stayed until 3 when a car showed up. Headlights made floodlights and we were busted. Collin and Melody gave the most unconvincing defense, but the ranger let us go. Walk of shame as we were escorted out of the park. Tooked the first train back at 4:00, we were exhausted. Walked back to North from the 57th metra station.


Snippet: no sort of coarseness/ the sand smooth/ laying down in the water/ this little piece of the world/ the looming sky/ our limbs (I think we get Jacqueline now).


Sep 19, 2023
Move-in day. Woke up at 7:30, met the crew downstairs. 4 buttons for eyes. Worked the afternoon elevator shift, a troll under the bridge. Genuinely exhausted by the day’s end. Had dinner at Baker with Annie and Jackson. Something to remember, the past is all a reconstructed history. Get out there. Maybe someday we’ll go back to longform reflection. 


Doctrine: Long exposure photography. Alexey Titarenko. City of shadows. St. Petersburg 1992. Moving objects and people vanish in time. The bioluminescence of mushrooms. All just light and time. The camera’s perception is no less real than our eyes. 


Sep 18, 2023
Did our laundry. Taxi Driver on docfilms. Met up with Minseo and Rodrigo at the Study, some Exeter event. Sat on the quad with them, took some pictures. Played bucket hat frisbee with Rodrigo. Ran into Josie and Evgenia outside Bartlett as we were walking back to North. Had a very cool convo with Evgenia on the A level about RSOs and the Grey City. The 64th Folk Fest. Walked around putting up posters for Crew with Josie, Evgenia and Moran. Had dinner with Sam at Woodlawn. Some first years from Max P sat down with us. Met Laurel. Gave our spiel about finance and consulting, all copium. Walked around with Sam. Submitted Booth course requests. Grey city gonzo journalism, swimmers at the point. IOP coverage. 


Visual artists, graphic designers, photographers, filmmakers, musicians—there’s definitely an artistic network here. Across all the RSOs. Reach out to Logan. 


Sep 17, 2023
Had lunch at Woodlawn. Took the redline downtown with the O-Aides—Rose, Reem, and Ha. 63rd, between 12 lanes of traffic. Deafening. The epicenter of badness. 5 dollar rug. Monroe. Got ourselves a little friend from 5 below. Glizzy the neon wiggle worm. The parable of the three sons. Candlelight. Room design philosophy is coverage maximization. Caught up with Erik at Nella’s. Had a damn good prosciutto rucola. Walked around the quad and talked. 


Met a man dressed all in red on the red line. He had a crocodile skin blazer with a matching pair of shoes. We told him his outfit was fantastic. 


Doesn’t he look like Ezra Miller? from Rose


Sep 16, 2023
Called Dad in the morning. Went out to Trader Joes for groceries. Made noodles for lunch. Met Josie at True North. Mapped out plans for Sliced Bread. Moving Sliced Bread into the arts. E-board. Met Enzo at the bookstore. Josie gave him a quick tour. Assembled Exodia, made a 3x3 grid for sliced bread. Walked with Melody to Michael’s for dinner. The party: Megan Ding, Erik Ely, Hadley, and Rodrigo. Teriyaki Chicken Thighs—we should host some dinners. Walked back to North. Showered. Called Amber and Claire after missing their facetime. 


On Sliced Bread, our competition sucks. It’s crazy that there’s not a sizable publication dedicated to the arts on this campus. We can be the best. 


Sep 15, 2023
The oo, ah, oh yeah routine. Left hand, right hand, full muscle. Learn to do crowd work. Ran through front room scenarios. HRL talent show was a blast. Empanadas. Went swimming. Lavender hour. Had dinner with Lobo’s IPO kids. A bubble tent on the midway. Take pics at the next full moon. Went down to the house lounge. Met Rose and Vanessa.


After the marijuana skit, some RH from the back of the room spoke up about her surefire strategy


Sep 14, 2023
Training all day. Updated our resume. Found Devin at Woodlawn. Dionte from Warner Records got back to us. Riorave is a go. Apply to future labs. Get a fall internship. Go swimming tomorrow. 


Sliced bread gameplan. Build the instagram account. Update our profile pic. Do a 3x3 Spread. Model after Rat Rock. Artist features are key. Become people focused. 


Sep 13, 2023
Ran into Moreau passing through social science in the morning. Gary, Indiana day trip? Document the rust belt. Title IX. Had lunch with Claire. Reservation dogs. Logistics meeting in the evening. Move in is going to be a beast. Skeleton crews. Thompson 5th floor lounge, Cymbal monkey on the binding of a beat up Stephen King novel. Floaters can be runners, runners find stuff. Had thai with Joe, Cristi and Annie in their apartment. Slept.


Snippet: “Orientation is information through a firehose” Housing, this behemoth. 100 people in our house. 800 in the building. A resident above anything.


Sep 12, 2023
Thought we lost our keys in the morning. Scrawled down plans for Sliced Bread during RA training. Had lunch at Seoul Taco with Josie. Talked shop. Teams are living things. Met Moran outside his apartment for dinner. Had burgers at Small Cheval. Walked around Nichol’s park. St. Thomas the Apostle church. Look for abandoned places on Wikimapia. Moran came up to our room. Snapped shots of Chicago from the 15th floor multipurpose room. Went out to the point. Swam in the lake, a view of the horizon. A baptism. Came back and showered. Water pressure in the first shower stall. Visit the art institute.


Emphasize the whale


The world is open and willing
live by that maxim to the maximum 
Become a photojournalist


Sep 11, 2023 
Morning. Raining out. Brushed our teeth. Snacked on our bread and goat cheese log. Packed our stuff. Left for the reg. Settled on the A level. Wrote up and submitted our Singapore trek reflection. Add drop successful? Take portraits for people over O-Week. Eloisa to Abelard. RA training. Lifted weights. Ran into Michael Moran. The 15th floor multi-purpose room. Clouds over Chicago. Cristi gave us a tour of north. Saw some north apartments. 


Build our page on the Maroon
Make sliced bread something
Sunshine action volunteering. 


Sep 10, 2023
Got breakfast. Went to our storage unit. Brought back our stuff. Packed our room. Did our laundry. Left for Hyde Park Produce. Gorgonzola and bread. Dinner at Woodlawn. Mark and Giancarlo. Cicadas. Threw a frisbee around the quad. Picked up the toiletries we left at Elijah’s. Picked up our laundry. Put our sheets on. Put the blanket on the floor. Room is complete. Someplace a man can live. 


Ego death. 
Human is emotion articulate. 


Sep 9, 2023
Infinity pool. Move in Day. Walked to South to grab our keys. Limbo-esque. Met Reese and Jeremy from. Went down to Logan Square with Elijah for a Dumpling Fest. BIBBAK. Joined a snake dance. Woman in a red wingsuit. A view of the city on the drive back. Look into the Dean’s Fund. Bones and All. Moved into our room for the year. They gave us a phone and couch. Watched a plane takeoff. Our citadel of solitude. Up on the 10th floor. Slept. 


Sep 8, 2023 Day 0
Raining out. Stopped at the reg to get our ID. Move-in unsuccessful, our goofy ass messed up the date. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. Watched the US open with Elijah. No Hard Feelings. Revisited Prey. Spent the day on the couch. 


Song: Maneater by Andrew Barth Feldman


Sep 7, 2023 Day 1
Packed in the morning. Master plan for quality of life improvements. Went to get a flu shot with mom. Archie picked us up for the airport. Siddartha. Capture sunset. BDL’s playlist is kind of sick. Animals by Neon Trees. Crashing at Elijah’s tonight. Little people on the plane, they asked us to balance the flight. Delayed two hours. 20 Chicken McNuggets for dinner. Thunderstorms visible in the distance. Got to Chicago. Took a lyft to Elijah’s. Showered and slept. 


Do a multiple self-portrait.
Moon photography.


Think the dominating emotion this summer has been anger. Saw the poor, the sick, the dying, and realized an anti-Siddhartha. All these hands reaching and we close our eyes. Oscillating between excessive sentimentality and unfounded optimism. 


Song: Heartworm by the Shins


Sep 6, 2023 Day 2
Mom’s learning to be an insurance agent. I Love You So by The Walters. Spent the day fixing up our cameras. Snapped a couple pics of the trees. Watched One Piece. Showered and slept. 


Sep 5, 2023 Day 3
Woke up at 6:00 in the morning. Right before sunrise. Heated up some soup downstairs. The one piece live action. Raspberries for breakfast. Just two days till we’re in Chicago. Crashing with Elijah. Took the bus with mom to Cornell Scott Hill. Got our fillings. Mouth numb. Did pushups. Become a Jeremy Fragrance. Took the bus down to New Haven. Waited for Clark outside Phelps gate. Ran into Chris Shia. Played pool with Clark. Sunset. Grabbed ice cream with Daniel. Walked around and talked.Took the bus and then ran home in the dark. The A team. 


Friendships of convenience vs friendships of intention. The two are perhaps not so distinct categories. We herd towards convenience. We intentionally create systems of convenience to keep friends around. 


1.4 billion people
spending their whole lives to push their kid forward


In Shanghai, the day before we left, Dad told us he hoped he didn’t sour our views on marriage. Think that was something incredibly hard for us to get over, thinking that we’ve been set up to fail in that regard (re: our convo with Oia last winter). Always think that we’re weird or make things weird, or really that we’re ugly. But we’re reminded that people generally like to spend time with us… and that, heck, some people even find us cute. And that’s good enough for us.


Sep 4, 2023 Day 4
Did not get a lot of sleep. Woke up around 4:00. Spoke to a Japanese man at the front desk about his friend in Long Island. Took the early morning shuttle to Haneda. Checked in and sat at a random gate. Three mentaiko onigiris from the vending machine. Little sleep, hungry eyes. Slept lots on the plane. Read through the mock case packet. Watched Yes Man, Terrence the Televangelist. Accept the covenant. 


…September 4th again. Got a cool aerial shot of Manhattan. Arrived in JFK. Saw Shawn at Grand Central. Love trains. New England! Back in New Haven. Archie picked us up from Union Station. Ate. Slept. Woke up once in the middle of the night and went back to sleep.  


one moment we opened the window to see the sunset above the clouds. 
saw an ocean
the tide pools swirling
one life separated from the other
can we go back
can we spend the rest of our lives chasing what we didn’t have? 
just the slow dripping of time. 
one life. two lives. three.


had fish with our grandparents the day we left. 
年年有餘，只願有餘年
—
spent the last couple days on the run from typhoons. 
typhoons brought us to 南昌, a Chinese Des Moines. Out of reality. imagined rails as great long snakes traversing the vast landscape. time and memory drifted back to us.
—
something we’ve been telling ourselves recently:
if something’s in the past
it existed and will exist forever.
little mantras
just as this one we used to always say
it happens without reason
it happens without cause
all you can do is take it.
—
truth is there are memories we hold very dear
and when we replay them we are nothing but a pair of eyes
we treat these memories with such sanctity and wonder if it's in fact a perversion.
—
from these memories we’ve constructed enduring narratives.
definitions of self.
this summer’s made it clear that it’s time to shed some of them.
because of the simple fact that they are not true. 
or if they are, that they are not helpful
if the word is light made flesh.
what will this do to our soul? I don’t know 
more importantly, what next? I don’t know
—
悟空, we know nothing
recall a journey to the west
our old friend, the monkey
there’s an interpretation of that fantasy that reimagines the monkey as what he is, a prisoner. his fate predestined, his trials are nothing more than bureaucracy. forced to kill old friends, all to tame the monkey. 
—
a little piece of dialogue from miles morales’ mom in across the spider verse. on a rooftop, the mom tells miles all she wants is for people out there to love him and root for him. 


I think that’s all we’ve ever wanted and worked for.


Song: All My Love by Noah Kahan. Australia by the Shins


Sep 3, 2023 Day 5
Woke up at 5:00. Got the D-Nik roster in the morning. A weird sort of feeling to see our next year realized. Left for the airport. Said goodbye to Dad. Sent Joe and Cristi an introductory blurb of ourselves. Took off. Put our headphones in and started bawling on the plane. Mount Fuji above the clouds. Got to Haneda. Left for the city. Took the train to Meguro. Put our stuff in a JR station locker. Walked around a park. Had cream puffs from a Fami-Mart. Tired. Made our way to Heiwajima. The sunset! We stopped just to look at the sky. Rouge waves. Onsen was the move. Through geological time. Had Udon for dinner. Napped in a bean bag room. Public baths are awesome. Grind out our Singapore trek reflection today and tomorrow. 


Peter Bruegel the Elder, Tower of Babel 1563.


Meta: Entries have been short the past week, maybe because we’ve been traveling. Or maybe we’ve shifted from writing to visual curation. In any case, we’re still dealing with memory. 


Sep 2, 2023 Day 6
Shanghai. 法租界王子. Went by our old house. Picked up our old phone number. Missed these old streets, the French planes. Saw a man carry an impressive train of chairs on a rickshaw walking back to Dad’s place. Dressed up for cigars with Dad. Snapped a couple pics on the terrace. Took a puff. Think it was a nice thing to do. Had some 西北 food for dinner. Showered. Mittermeier’s Tapajos saki. Wildlife photography could be cool. Slept. 


Sep 1, 2023 Day 7
Nam Cheong. Visited a warship with Dad. Had some real spice for lunch. Took a cab to 滕王阁. Row of lanterns. Took the train to Shanghai. Got to Dad’s place. Cigar labels stuffed in bottles. Three fridges. Showered and slept. 


Doctrine: Light, word, and flesh. 
If language is not just an interface of the soul, but something deeper.
Shed one of our most enduring narratives, what next?


Song: Welcome Home, Son by Radical Face


Aug 31, 2023 Day 8
Dim Sum. Picked up our bags. Left To Kwa Wan. Took the 東鐵綫 to Shenzhen. Berealed. 草帽石鍋魚. Feasted with Aboo and Gong Gong. Got foot massages. Walked to Shenzhen station. Met up with dad. Hong Kong, just a couple mountains in the distance. Said goodbye to Aboo and Gonggong. Boarded the train to Nam Cheong. Like great long snakes traversing the continent. Listened to music. Got to Nam Cheong late at night. Dad checked us into a hotel by the station. Showered and slept. 


Aug 30, 2023 Day 9
Dim Sum with the grandparents. Took a solo trip to Shenzhen for an errand. Felt dizzy midday. Revived via Yoghurt and Lan Zhou Beef Noodles. Picked up our card at 工商銀行 and returned to Hong Kong. Took a detour at Tai Wai to go see monkeys. Fucked around and found out at Kam Shan Country Park. Snapped a couple of cool pics though. Monkey business. Overpass became a no-go. Had to stop a passerby to cross the street together. Bus took us to Mong Kok. Walked home via Ho Man Tin. The pink sky. A calmness. Walk home was really nice. Got back home and packed our stuff.


Snippet: Out of the elevator, a tap on the shoulder, she turns around, “係你呀？” 
“好耐晤見, 你點啊？“ This is what people mean to each other. 


Aug 29, 2023 Day 10
Woke up. Took the train up to Shenzhen. Met dad at 福田. Ate at a seafood and congee restaurant. Went to the James Jean exhibit at the Seaworld Arts and Culture center. Reflective surfaces. Loved the sketches. Was a nice day. Obtained a tripod from Dad. Got back home before six. Had some soup for dinner.


Apotheosis, psychosis—a lack of self-identification with the past. Dogged, dogged hunger for an iterative evolution. Let’s go back to Chicago and be somebody. Take up that camera. Start a @humansoftoby. Sign up for arts articles. Develop our main. Transform sliced bread to be maroon arts. Use our budget to buy cameras?


Aug 28, 2023 Day 11
Had dim sum with Aboo and Gonggong for breakfast. Compiled some key takeaways for our internship at Qiming this summer. Napped. Dressed up, went out to a pizza hut in Lok Fu. Spaghetti 長壽麵. Got a little cake to celebrate our birthday with Aboo’s. Think it was a nice thing to do, though it made us really sad. Went back home and slept.


Avalokitesvara, a hundred armed. 
Onto Mount Athos.  


Aug 27, 2023 Day 12
Woke up. Left at 10:00 to go meet Joy. Noticed a man’s shoes on the train—white with paint specks like a Jackson Pollock. Met Joy at Pacific Place. Had bibimbap at a Korean restaurant. Walked over to the exhibition center. Cat Expo! An experience for sure. Norwegian forest cats. Got really tired. Had dumplings for dinner with Joy. Walked her back near her place. Went home. Bittermelon soup. 


Dreamt of two flying tardigrades with mouths of fire. Like clouds descended they became buses of apocalypse. Dreams have been vivid enough for us to think that perhaps living is an exercise of training images for the everlasting dream (death). 


Song: Ocean Man by Ween.


Aug 26, 2023 Day 13
Caught up on some sleep. Filled out our metcalf survey. Wrote an email to Shruti. Bloomberg could be big. Rocky up. Coolcatted about Singapore. Listened through Cigarettes After Sex again. Slept. 


Aug 25, 2023 Day 14
Andrew left in the morning. Slept in. Grabbed breakfast downstairs. Congee with Sambal. Checked out. Updated our LinkedIn. Went with Yeap to meet Warren at Newton Food Market. Brotherly behaviour. Warren got us some Hainanese chicken rice and sugar cane juice. Descended into the MRT. Went on a solo adventure. Telok Ayer. The Singapore city gallery. 
Didn’t know that the Marina Bay was reclaimed land. Rushed back to the hotel. Took a grab car to Changi. Listened through Cigarettes after Sex on the plane. Fell asleep halfway into Guardians of the Galaxy. Hong Kong, back home. Got on the E23 bus. Four day spread, reconstruct entries. Two weeks to Chicago. Figure out add drop. Shower and get some sleep.


Snippet: Talked to Yeap about Mock. Goofy goofy activity. But the idea of perfection, obsession at the highest level. Gestures scripted, practiced, executed. Down to the miniscule. It’s when the first mouth opens, about “winning the room”. Making the practiced seem natural. That’s who we have to be. 


Song: Young and Dumb by Cigarettes after Sex


Aug 24, 2023 Day 15
Boarded a tour bus. A view of Marina Bay Sands. Met Kelvin at SC Ventures/Audax. Trek ended at DRW. Lady was brutal but hilarious. Algo-trading. Latency sensitivity. Just like caring for a baby. Went out to karaoke with the group. Gave a rendition of Yellow with Lawrence. Grabbed dinner at Newton. Hawker stands. Fried oyster pancakes and soursop juice. 


Avian inspired fashion. 
Dhoby Gaut’em nuts in your mouth. 
We’re just an instrument—an agent of the universe. 


Aug 23, 2023 Day 16
In the hotel all morning. Drifted into microsleep. Asifma. Quantedge was fascinating though. TBC. Three hour break. Followed Alicia and people to Chinatown. Peaky blinders hat. Went back to the hotel to meet Chris. Duck terrines at the UChicago reception. Augustin du Payrat. Took the MRT to Gardens by the Bay. Marina Bay Sands! Supertree Grove. Bone against cement. Laid down and looked up at the dead trees.


Snippet: Looking up at the sky tree, lights off after ten, the windows of the observatory looked like ones we could drift up into. Anti-gravity. The city in Upside Down. 


Aug 22, 2023 Day 17
Had Otah, Singaporean tamales for breakfast. Revitalizing Fruit Juice. Bloomberg. Met Ishika, Aabir’s cousin. Reach out to Shruti about Sunshine Action. A view of Singapore from HSBC. Blackstone. Chicken Skewers. Night out. Went to Clark Quay. Hot pot at Haidilao. Sat by the river. Alec got us some Lychee ice cream. Ng on the aerophone giving a rendition of My Way. It was beautiful. Went back to the hotel via MRT and pooled. Went to the sauna with Alec and Nathaniel. 


Aug 21, 2023 Day 18
Packed in the morning. Had dim sum with Aboo and Gonggong. Took our luggage to Wan Chai to meet with Audrey, who arrived in the morning. Took the bus to the airport. Singapore. Met Logan and Francisco by the Jewel. Took a cab to the Sheraton towers. Phil! Phil! Phil! Met Geralyn. Night out to a maccies. Nasi Lemak burgers. Chinese desserts. Singapore closes early. Showered and slept. 


The villagers said the stone pillar was a gift. A candle left by the gods, to be lit in times of need. 
Check out the Darjeeling Limited.


Aug 20, 2023 Day 19
Woke up. Went to dim sum with Aboo and Gonggong. Left for Hung Hom. Met Aabir on the platform. A little wait at the border. Took the Shenzhen metro to the convention center. Had 西北 cuisine at a 大秦小宴. Lamb skewers. Moved to OCT. A Chinese ethnic minority theme park. Tibetan temples and mongolian yurts. View upon a hill. Cultural dance show, Dai people ponchos. JD joined us in the evening. A miniature of Potala palace set against the Shenzhen cityscape. Man sized mushrooms on our way out. Asked 叔叔 to take pictures for us. Recharged our phones at dinner. Crispy shelled soft custard-like tofu. Took the train home. Aboo helped cut our hair. Showered and slept. A really nice day. 


Song: 我在人民廣場吃炸雞 by A Si. 


Aug 19, 2023 Day 20
Showed up at the warehouse. Moved our last food bags. Went to Causeway Bay for Korean BBQ with Sunny, Shawn and others. Bid farewell to Shawn on the train. Back home. Get ready for Singapore. Did our pushups. 


Tikkun Olam. “Fix the world.” 


Aug 18, 2023 Day 21
Woke up around 8:00. Put on our belt, took the train back to To Kwa Wan. Had dim sum with Aboo and Gonggong. Came back and slept. New AMTA case came out a couple days ago. Thinking about it, we do miss mock trial. The Hong Kong Porcupine Rehabilitation Association. We gotta stay moving. Need a little Rocky moment. Went out to Nam Cheong. Went back home. Ate. Bittermelon soup.


A 5 foot Varanus salvator escaped the Hong Kong zoo.
June 1st, we wrote to “stress the organism, to exhaustion.” We did. 


Aug 17, 2023 Day 22
Woke up. Took the train to Kwai Fong. Moved boxes at the warehouse. Sunny invited us to a really nice farewell lunch. Durian mascarpone cake at the buffet. Imprints resembling moon craters. Exited via the mall. A floating garden pop-up, plants hanging in tetrahedral fashion. Picked up some Sunshine Action bags from Richard’s warehouse. Finished our video in the office. Said goodbye to Olger at the mtr. Took the train to Causeway Bay. Had noodles with Kary at 麵尊. Rode an escalator up Hysan place. 小確辛. Walked around a bookstore. Astrology for cats. Travel guides. Rusty moon inspired ceramics. Visited the maccies building. Place was sorta nice. Showed Kary @karspovofficial. Adopted an unhinged persona. Took the train to Aabir’s. Visited a speakeasy. Stayed up with Andrew, Lucy and Aabir listening to Chinese songs. A little sad boi hour. Stayed the night. Showered and slept on Aabir’s couch. 


Aug 16, 2023 Day 23
Had Dim Sum with Aboo and Gonggong. Came back home. Worked on our video. Napped. RA training schedule out. Chicago not so far away. Do some pushups tonight. Save the day. Toby the train. Escape our 奀仔 fate. 


Aug 15, 2023 Day 24
Tried out VR headsets on the elderly at Wong Tai Sin. Shawn. Had mushroom cream spaghetti for lunch. Grinded on our video at work. When Can I See You Again?  Left work with Olger. Ate around Central. Followed Olger to Mong Kok. Had softserve. Went to Olger’s place, where he lent us some shorts. Houston Rockets. Played ball with randos. Sweat drenched. Walked back home via Sheung Shing Road. Kowloon Tong. Cool out. Showered when we got home. Went on a midnight nostalgia trip after seeing a clip of us at elm. Caught up with Amber. 


We desired the apotheosis of the chamber. 
Dogged, got that dog in him. Hunger is perceptible. 


Aug 14, 2023 Day 25
Saw a really pretty girl on the train?! Met Dad at 上水. Shenzhen. Ate. 西北涼皮. Went for a massage with dad. Masseuse went hard on the neck. Ran errands, applied for a new number. Sorted out bank stuff. Returned to Hong Kong by train. Read Kafka on the Shore en route home. Raining mackerel and sardines, a scene reminiscent of Magnolia. Bad Space Comics by Scott Base. Orange pilot jumpsuits. 


Song: Mr. Sandman by SYML. 


Aug 13, 2023 Day 26
Read Kafka on the Shore. This little piece of rock. Went out with Aboo and Gonggong to Lok Fu. Picked up jeans at a Uniqlo. Had lunch at 一粥麵. Came back. Aboo gave us a perm. For the mems. Day felt like a real trip. JF Called. Called Eric Han, who we had not seen in three years. Was a really nice day. 


Snippet: An old habit of checking for the light in our eyes. Though it is just a reflection of the iris, much like how the moon has no light of its own. We feared being dead rock. 


Aug 12, 2023 Day 27
Slept in. Sore throat. Didn’t go to work. Gave ourselves a little rest. Slept for most of the day. Body pains. Remember the life that we have and are returning to. Showered with hot water. Hadn’t done that in a while. Felt nice. Prereg over, at least we got religion. Celebrate a birthday together with Aboo. 


Maybe we start winning
Rest up, look good, get ready for Chicago. 


Aug 11, 2023 Day 28
Zoomed Ethan Donovan in the morning. Went out to Dim Sum with Dad. Dirk Gently. Went back home and napped. Left for volunteering. Aaron. Met up with Andrew and Lucy at the IFC. Grabbed dinner with them, Aabir and JD in Sheung Wan. Christopher Nolan’s Oppenheimer. We were shook. Flash of light, crack of the heavens. Missed the last train home. Exited the station at Admiralty. Walked along the harbourfront trying to catch a cab. Absolutely no one out except a couple smooching by the railing. The empty streets, surreal. He Doesn’t Know Why by the Fleet Foxes. Took a taxi home, slept. 


Doctrine: The inconvenience of carrying a camera makes a photographer intentional. To be “on the hunt” for a photo.


At Trinity, they said with eyes closed they could still see the bones in their hands. 


Song: He Doesn’t Know Why by the Fleet Foxes. 


Aug 10, 2023 Day 29
A lot we’ve taken from Eamin’s posts. Gonggong brought us some congee for breakfast. The mythos of this world. Dirk Gently’s holistic detective agency. Devoured some shrimp. Went to work. Earphones in. Return to gratitude. Came back home. Monkey mountain this weekend? Dress up in cool clothes. Volcanic destruction in Maui. Catastrophic. Trek orientation at 1. Stayed up to attend our trek meeting.


Fill this out https://eservices.ica.gov.sg/sgarrivalcard/
A vision of Malaysia? Green skybridges. Motel, view of the sea? We were very young. 
Just a piranha in the stream of creation. 


Aug 9, 2023 Day 30
Woke up at 8:00. Brushed our teeth. Grabbed some buns from the Circle K across the street. Checked out of our hotel. Delivered food bags to the elderly at Fatima’s Church. Revisited the Venetian for artificial skies. Had a Portuguese tart before we left Macau. Tired. Returned to Hong Kong in the afternoon. Patched up entries. Rest and reset. Work out, buff up our shoulders. Did pushups.


Get some sleeveless shirts and white socks
Pair of wide cut jeans?
Black puffer jacket. 


Meta:  30 days left to go. This summer has been tough. Doesn’t feel like we’ve done much, but we’ve made connections with people, we’ve done good work, we know we can survive now. Take ourselves day by day. 


Aug 8, 2023 Day 31
Woke up early and took the train out to Sunny Bay. Boarded a bus to Macau at the HZMB port. Caught up on some sleep before we arrived in Macau. Found the Macau Volunteers Association. Loaded up food-stuffs at a downstairs supermarket. Packed bags. Had some beef tendon noodles for lunch at a local food court. Laura from AVSM drove us to visit a home for the blind. Place is really nice. Laura told us about dog racing—canidromes. Checked into the Happy Family Hotel. Napped before we left to visit the ruins of St. Paul. The blue night! The Fortaleza do Monte. Colonial architecture, mesh of past and future. A building resembling Howl’s moving castle—as if something living. Took a bus to the Venetian. Wide streets reminiscent of Shanghai. Had hotpot at a Haidilao. Got the zoomies. Returned to our hotel around midnight. Had a really good talk with Olger. We took some good photos today. Showered and slept. 


A man on the train next to us had 4 split screens across two phones running pokemon go. 
Maccies in macau. 


Aug 7, 2023 Day 32
Went down to Wong Chuk Hang at 2:00. Visited 36 Technology, a VR Developer. Went thrifting in Mong Kok after. Lots of Japanese work uniforms at Em and Gees. Shawn found a jacket for us. Bought a tripod and a new pair of headphones. Ate at the Dragon City Cafe. Went back home. Couldn’t fall asleep. Listened through Woodland by the Paper Kites. 


Summers swallowed in silence. Sadder still, I think I prefer it like this.


Put on an oculus quest for the first time, and had an acute sense that this is the future. Virtual real estate. Infinite worlds for people to live in. 


Aug 6, 2023 Day 33
The Bear Season 1 Episode 7. What an episode! Went out on a second date at Stanley. Didn’t feel it but at least we got to return our seashells. Took the bus back to central to meet up with Aabir and JD. Had maxim and maccies at the Sheung Wan Macau ferry port. Went home.


Aug 5, 2023 Day 34
The slow fan as we left home in the morning. Delivered bags at Hoi Tun Estate. Met David from Shanghai. Went back home. Read Murakami on the train. Slept. Watched the Bear. FX. Called Ryan on the balcony. Listened to Montell Fish. Slept. 


The Sun also Rises. Boxing in Thailand
Writing as an extension of the writer 
A second wave of mass migration out of Hong Kong.
Memory will lie with the diaspora. 


Aug 4, 2023 Day 35
Chloe texted about Mom and Dad. Cried. Met up with Chandra anyways. Made us feel better to see him. Had Thai food. Red beef curry. An identity around Chicago. Sat at a cafe round mid-levels. Out the second story window. Met up with Olger, Anya and Ashley at Shake Shack. Space Museum. Copernicus at Krakow. A model of the moon. The Big Bang (Cantonese). Tardigrades. Kary. Bid farewell to Ashley at 尖東.


Aug 3, 2023 Day 36
Stayed up for pre-reg. Looked through course feedback. Slept at two. Woke up and rode the train to Central. Had lunch at Ho Lan Jeng with Grace, Kary and Kary’s dad. Went to Sunshine at 2:00. Boss confused a picture of Declan McKenna for us. Finished up work. Went out on a hinge date. Grabbed some Banh Mi. Walked up to the mid level zoo. Played cards by the fountain. Ran into Alysha and Audrey. 


Aug 2, 2023 Day 37
Left for work in the morning. MTR packed as usual. Grinded out our presentation at the office. Grabbed Hainanese chicken with Kary. The movie Her. Returned to the office and gave our presentations to Michael and Grace. Returned our keycards. Said our goodbyes. Kary showed us 大館. Place is really nice. Got dinner at Brass Spoons. Walked by Central Pier, till we found Tamar Park. A stretch of Green like the Midway. Laid down on a metal leaf—have to get one of these things for our room. Had a really nice convo with Kary on another metal tube installation. We’ll be alright. Went back home and did pushups. 


When we went to grab the ball in the dark and hit our head on a tree branch. The way she held a flashlight up to our face and asked if we were ok. We be delulu, quote Kary. 


Aug 1, 2023 Day 38
Read Murakami on the train to Kwai Fong. Moved bags at the warehouse. Sunny’s friend Richard took us to lunch in Sham Shui Po. 35 years an all you can eat BBQ restaurant. Olger liked the sago soup. Did work in Central. Worked on our Transwarp powerpoint. Never before this summer have we felt our destiny so intertwined with that of a city. Called Dad. Thoughts on One Belt One Road? Wouldn’t mind living in Southeast Asia. Our mango farm. 


Snippet: Karma is a round thing. It’s not that I help you and you help me. It’s that I help you, and you pay it forward. It goes in a big circle before it comes back


July 31, 2023 Day 39
Met with Michael in the morning. Felt bad about the state of our presentation. Grinded until two to catch up. Went out to Fairwood to get some food. We look tired. Reached out to Kevin Treehan. Look into computer science courses. The afternoon sun. 阳光普照. Went back home. Did pushups in the evening. 


This journal on an app. Memory.com
Bolded interconnected font. Small green leaf as a full stop. 
You get a note for today, then a block underneath shows you a random past entry.
Discover page/friends page for shower thoughts
Have tags for the people you mention. 
Sort memories by people and locations. 


Functionalities:
Can load your notes onto the app. 
Share to instagram. Nice little graphic
Song autocompile playlist in Spotify.
People tag connects to contacts


July 30, 2023 Day 40
Gonggong brought us some congee for breakfast. Let the AC rest a bit. Worked a little on Transwarp. Stayed in. Got some rest. Hypoxia on the ascent. Under fighter pilot G’s, how we’ve felt for the past month or so. 


July 29, 2023 Day 41
Read Kafka on the Shore en route to Kwai Fong. Packed food bags at the warehouse. Had pho for lunch. Went back home. Slept. Aboo cut our hair. Had dinner. Broke down a little bit. Confirmed our trek itinerary for Singapore. Texted Kary. Felt much better. Revived via Mr. Brightside?!! 


God this summer. Think past versions of us have been more alive. It’s about killing the whale. Exercise our humanity. 


Nineteen. I think again and again and... Universal literature. On the word human.
The passion of Catullus, the imagination of Calvino, the soul of Murakami. 


Summer has really soured us. Shell of a man. Don’t think we’ll forget our view out the balcony. 
On distant shores. “It is where great things are possible.” Hurts to be here in Hong Kong, to love it and see it dying. As if it is us—as if it is an image of ourselves. Stuck. Think that’s the most apt description of how we feel right now.


Go and don’t look back. American Dreams in China. Blinded by the Light. 


July 28, 2023 Day 42
Went out to Wong Tai Sin in the morning. Delivered fortune bags to old people’s houses. Pasta for lunch. Came back midday, tired. Sat on the floor of the mtr station. Slept when we got home. Cling onto life. Went out to Nam Cheong. Olger, we’re in a fight for our soul. Cut ourselves some slack but keep writing. 


Brass Spoon, Central. Russell’s recommendation. 
To be All American. Out of the Northeast into the steel mills of East Chicago.


Song: East Chicago, Indiana by Michigander.


July 27, 2023 Day 43
Bananas and hard boiled eggs for breakfast. Not feeling the best. Migraine continuing. Dissociated. Met up with Russell for lunch. Had some ramen at the Japanese place opposite Tamjai Samgor. 三人行，必有我師焉. Sent Russell off. Changed and went to Sunshine Action. Had dinner with Brooke and Angie. Failed an escape room at Causeway Bay. Talked to Brooke as we walked her back. Missed our stop repeatedly. Cling onto life. Took the bus home. 


Snippet: Caught a little whiff of a story, and took on everything. Grenouille in Das Perfume. A need for narrative, for definition despite the arbitrariness of signs. 


Snippet: A fascination with the Pandoran Biosphere. To re-envision our interconnectedness as a neural network. Social dependence as a biological necessity. Cities are superorganisms.


July 26, 2023 Day 44
Feeling better. Suspect food poisoning. Need a little break from everything. How important it is to own a little piece of the sky—some space to breathe. Kafka on the shore. Sat outside on the balcony for a little. Another typhoon hitting this weekend? See if we want to go out for dinner. Went out to meet dad. Started getting a little dizzy as we were trying to find our way round Causeway Bay. Came back home. Had some herbal jelly. Drank water. Slept. Migraine. 

Feeling this frustration again? 
In the morning we became doves and flew. 
Cried as we looked into a child’s eyes. 


Doctrine: Let shame and guilt guide our moral rigidity. Because they supply the persistence to hold shape against the grey muck. Johanna D’Arc of Mongolia 1989, they made signs to tame the wilderness. So we took on the arbitrary, to reason out a moral system of living. to be something in this nothingness. 


In my subterranean journey, she came to me
Dark and beautiful, wings outstretched
My chthonic muse! holding a pomegranate
Red dripping from her lips.


Song: Lovers Rock by TV Girls.


July 25, 2023 Day 45
Woke up weird. Went over to the warehouse. Moved pallets of food. Nausea, fever, fever broke. Came back and napped.


July 24, 2023 Day 46
Listened to Phoebe Bridgers. Got dressed and went to work. Who wants to live forever? Men endowed by their creator unalienable rights. We kept repeating in the train station. Crescit eundo! Sergio sent us a clip of Izzy Adesanya. Things to remember, lavender hour. Made Sergio’s words our new screensaver. Paracetamol for Kary. All for the brownie points. Kary left to go volunteer at a hospital. Remembered we had free will, left work, and hiked up the Peak. Sweat bullets. Way up was steep. Cleaned up in a bathroom. Bought a bottle of red tea from a Circle K. Climbed up to the terrace. Took photos for strangers. Looked out of a telescope. This blessed isle. Kowloon art park looked cool. Walked by the Peak tram. Funicular railcars! Something about nature. Found a zoo on our way down the mid-levels. Caught some ring-tailed lemurs, but our phone died. Colonial-era architecture. The Foreign Correspondents Club. Took the mtr back home from Central. Sagittarius Superstar. Pulled out our mac and read the constitution. Mind-composed as we showered. Slept.


A dowsing rod and a wishbone take the same shape. 
Reminded of our life via the indie-folk of the American northeast. 


Song: She Calls Me Back by Noah Kahan. Sagittarius Superstar by COIN. 


July 23, 2023 Day 47
Got out of bed. Had some dimsum with Aboo and 公公. Took the mtr to 太子 to pick up some things from 二姑媽. Had a pineapple bun with her and 伯伯. Took the mtr to HKU for a rendezvous. Called Ryan. What a terrible summer to contract class consciousness. Ran into Lucy and Nandi by the station lifts. Took the bus to Stanley. HK rizz. Met Andrew and Thomas. Had some pan seared barramundi at a Spanish restaurant. Walked by the pier, then around the market. Through the lens of another camera, a framing device. Lucas sent us some pictures of Peruvian baroque architecture. Neon street signs, RA room decor? Entered Ma Hang park. Went down by the beach. White coral. Picked up two halves of a clamshell, tint of magenta on its edges. Returned her to the sea. Took the bus with Lucy back to central, then the mtr back home. A calmness as we exited the station. Rouge clouds in the evening sky. Girls Just Want To Have Fun. Did pushups. Showered. Slept.


Live in the quiet moments now. Summers always have us so battered. Still, some little fire in us.


那晚, 一夜通宵之後吃鮑魚粥.
幾個鮑魚從罐頭里放在了粥里
还加了几个微波炉好的水煮蛋.


Prompt: A silent film in color. A deaf romance. An explosion of sound at the film’s end. 


July 22, 2023 Day 48
Woke up. Brushed up. Did 30 push ups. Set out for Kwai Fong. Realized we misread the time. Arrived at the warehouse around 10. Took home a couple cans of abalone. Had conveyor belt sushi for lunch. Ice cream puffs. Watched Barbie. Greta Gerwig. Only within the warmth of your gaze. Went home. Funicular railcars. Copium. Went out for a run. Did a 3 miler down by the harbour. Showered and did our laundry. It’s a new day. 30 more pushups. Oppenheimer in Japan. Art films. Hanging out with some UChicago kids tomorrow. The Pandoran Biosphere. 


Snippet: The Navi. Dream walkers, demons in false bodies. Are we becoming them or are they becoming us? Always back to Avatar. Thinking about the natives. The question of erasure. It's a culture war. 


Snippet: A lamentation for this city. Our aunt, talking in a conspiratorial tone about companies moving out of Hong Kong. A geopolitical fault line. The top 1% make 47 times more than the bottom.


Snippet: Went out for a run. Lost ourselves in the silence of the city again. The crescent moon parked on Bailey street. Reduced to a thin streak by the warped mirror of an office building. Taxi Driver. Wong Kar Wai. 


July 21, 2023 Day 49
A gravity hole in the middle of the Indian Ocean. We’ve passed the 50 day mark. Read through Qiming’s internal modules. Get back to reading and R2A. Acknowledge the literature. Kary showed up around noon. Had 譚仔三哥 again. Stopped for some ice cream. Got the waffle kind. Uninstalled Reddit and Instagram. Cormac McCarthy. Watched 中國合伙人. Got emotional. Took the Tung Chung express to Nam Cheong. Handed meals out to the homeless. Had dinner at Hashi. Tired. Plans for Barbie postponed to tomorrow. 


The Black Hawk War. 


Snippet: Blood meridian. A fascination with the west. The apache and us, the first and last inhabitants of this continent. Across the Bering strait. The same eyes, wrinkle, worn, sunburnt—we saw in a photograph, Prophet Neolin, master of life. 


July 20, 2023 Day 50
Met dad at Elephant Grounds in Admiralty. Arrived at work. Bali rice fields, wrote audio descriptions. Had Bibimbap for lunch. Another sad boi hour with Kary. Feeling an anger about this city? Changed before going to Sunshine Action. Had 譚仔三哥 for dinner with Ashley and Olger. Kary picked up the package we left at Qiming. Went home via 尖東. Make something with our own hands. A blue as we exited the To Kwa Wan mtr station. A silver Porsche Carrera. Called late night with the university over Sep 22, when Nelson lent us his shirt. Wake up tomorrow, shave. Take care of ourselves.


Didn’t realize we could see stars in Hong Kong.
The problem of human division. It’s about shared conversation topics. Conversational economy. 
https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/44333/the-to-be-forgotten


What is all this dust? 
Song: The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades is Out to Get Us! By Sufjan Stevens. 


July 19, 2023 Day 51
Had breakfast with Michael Chiu. The economy is a matter of national destiny. Read Goldman’s report on China. Grabbed lunch with Kary from Don Don Donki. Ate with people in the office. We goofy. Signed onto Google Labs. Generative AI becoming commonplace. Listened through Sufjan Stevens’ Illinois. Aboriginal Persons Displacement Localities. Will it play in Peoria? Met Remus on the deal team, who went to Choate. Adopt an entrepreneurial spirit. Went back home. Napped. The End of the Fxxking World. 


Feeling this frustration? Getting upset. Claustrophobic. As if in a cryogenic pod. Have to remain lucid. This other life. Re-associate. 如係躺喺擔架床.


July 18, 2023 Day 52
The rat race. The mtr extra packed this morning. Arrived at work. Das Kapital. AI Frankensteins, to be reanimated via a virtual persona. Arctic Shores, a black mirror episode. Mak’s noodles then dumplings. 奀仔, asked the cashier at 奀記 how to read the character and she called us an 奀仔. Had some Indian at Causeway Bay with Ashley, Olger, and JD. Went to JD’s. Snacked on a crazy amount of strawberry wafers. 


Some sort of prophetic dream. Imagined ourselves as some sort of spaceship suspended above our sheets. 


July 17, 2023 Day 53
Typhoon. Wind rising. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange closed. DCF modeling. Texted Erin. Went out for a run down to Whampoa. Came back and showered. Laid down and listened to music. A delirious ennui. Sat on the balcony for a while. Did pushups. All for those waking up in the metal shack. 魯迅.


Snippet: Ran out into the streets. The city deserted. A ghosttown of the mind. By the promenade. A plastic barrier in dilapidated condition. News reporters. Cameras on shoulders. People made storm chasers. Fishing hobbyists. Some sort of naivety.  


Snippet: When she pulled us down to kiss us, and we tasted the drink on her lips. Strawberry tongue.


July 16, 2023 Day 54
Nearing the middle of summer. Listened to our February playlist. What a winter. The giant cigar store Indian on South Pulaski. Xi Jinping in Muscatine Iowa. Jacob’s Ladder 1990. Filled out our metcalf survey before heading out. Met dad at Sha Tin. Ate at a Din Tai Fung. Elderly bionics? Something to look into. Went home. Captive killer whales. Typhoon hitting tonight. Talked to Josie about Sliced Bread. Watched Bohemian Rhapsody. Keep dreaming. Who wants to live forever? Recalled mornings suiting up at the motel 8 in Irvine or Berkeley. 


Snippet: Green Leaf Industries, the disaster company. Air filtration and roach bars. It was one burning in the summer of ‘23. The image of a smog filled New York City. 


July 15, 2023 Day 55
Took the train to Tuen Mun. Visited Yan Oi Tong. Bamboo scaffolding. Talked to Yu Dong. 董小姐. A liberal education. Start reading again. Still about Exeter. Took the train back home. Napped. Went out to Aabir’s. Met Lucy and Andrew. Never Let Me Go, remembering Hailsham. Fill out our metcalf tomorrow and start building our financial forecast.


Ask for Qiming’s internal files on Monday 


Snippet: Saw the poor, the sick, the dying, and realized an anti-Siddhartha. Too hungry. Money is a matter of human dignity. Still when we see children with their parents. Though we know the world owes us nothing.


July 14, 2023 Day 56
A New Yorker’s guide to Chicago. View of the World from 9th Avenue. Met Kary at the mtr station. Macaroni at Maccies. Read up on Transwarp. Went out to lunch with Kary’s dad. Curry tonkatsu at Ro Ann. A view across the harbor from TST. Talking ‘bout whales. Took the train back to Central. Rawdogging this, rawdogging that. Put on our green tie, went out to the UChicago intern reception. Ran into our neighbour. Our hunger, too perceptible. Have to hide it. Had dinner at a vegetarian place in Sogo, met Ronke. Went back. Did pushups. 


Look into air filtration systems. 
Imagine owning all the oxygen in the world.
Cheung Kang plastics, King of Plastic Flowers. 
A map for Green Leaf industries. 


July 13, 2023 Day 57
Timed our exit at Central. Routine optimization. Arrived at work. 可不可以. Finished the OSC proposal. Talked to Michael in his office. Think we understand the mission now. Michael showed us Goldman Sachs’ forecasts for NVIDIA. This stuff is cool. Took the mtr to Causeway Bay. Had lunch at Sogo with Sunny and Gordon from Australia. Asked to read Lekha’s med. Joan of Arc. Lekha’s coming to UChicago next year. Worked at the Sunshine Action office. Went home. Slept. An employee of the University. 


July 12, 2023 Day 58
Woke up. Went to work. Waited in line outside 阿三过桥米线 for lunch. Specks of tomato on our shirt. Cheeky little chaps. Walked around Central Market with Kary after work. Met up with Ashley, JD and Aabir for dinner at Tai Hing. Walked around the mid-levels, the cityscape winding. Visited Don Don Donki. Took the mtr home. Showered and slept. 


Write about abandoned churches. 


July 11, 2023 Day 59 
Woke up. Something hit us on the train to work. Cried among strangers. Drafted a coolcat. Went out to lunch with Kary. Had a char siu rice. Sad boi hours. The Landmark overpass though. A view down Queen’s Road Central. Taught Kary to say opp. Another to comment on our resemblance to a macaroni penguin. Changed in the bathroom before heading over to Sunshine Action. Living a double life. Worked on the OSC proposal. Took the mtr back home. Did pushups. We asked to be reborn. 


Harness Human Power. 


Coolcat: Hand looped around a straphanger, saw both our father and mother for the first time in a window turned black mirror. A lesson on epigenetics from Chisholm, hunger lasts for generations after a famine. Felt so tangibly the imprint of one life on another. Shame to not have felt it before. 


July 10, 2023 Day 60
Took the mtr to Central. Met Grace and Kary at the Landmark. Gloucester Tower. Michael gave us a briefing and took us for lunch at the HKU Alumni club. Got to know Kary. The 1975, a Rick and Morty fan. Had dinner at home. Went out with Aboo to get some suit pants from Uniqlo. Called dad. 


July 9, 2023 Day 61
The dawn, a piercing light over the horizon. Sunrise above the clouds. Arrived in Hong Kong. Took the E23A bus back to To Kwa Wan, thought we saw Mia. Hallucinations. Got home and napped till 4 in the afternoon. Ate. Reconstructed our entries for Thailand. Produce something coherent. Return to R2A. Put our Joan of Arc piece on medium. Published a coolcat. To be in communion with others, our central tenet. Eywa in Avatar.


Real considerations on the ethics of tourism, what does it mean to have a city not designed for the people who live there. Infrastructure challenges of Bangkok. City planning and megamalls. 


July 8, 2023 Day 62
Visited Chatuchak market. Invested in massage balls. Got gifts for family, thought it would be a nice thing to do. The exotic pet market. The forked hands of chameleons. Sugar-gliders indigenous to Indonesia. Returned to the hostel to shower before meeting Zander. Overslept, rushed over to the Paragon by BTS. Caught up with Zander. Had dinner at a Japanese restaurant. Got to talking about Sabrina? Distance of time gives much clarity. Our one real regret at Exeter. Realized we were similar and connected with Zander. Parallel lives, storylines finally meeting. Moonlight. Said goodbye as we went back and packed. Mr. Loverman in our head. Sat top bunk with Ashley to chat. Tired talking. Started missing Gabby wildly? Wish we had more self respect around her. Checked out of the hostel and took a grab car to the airport. The churning of the milk sea. Boarded our plane back home. 


Some stuff about family, remembered what we told Sabrina more than a year ago now on the bench overlooking the Squamscott. Actually really hurt to learn what she said about us in DC.


Snippet: Green Book, one Thanksgiving, we watched it in theaters. The Italian American bouncer drove the Black pianist down to the Deep South. And Christmas Eve on the way back, the city roads blanketed in snow. Some real nostalgia about our first Thanksgiving in America. The leftover Turkey, the dark meat of the bird mom made congee with. 


Song: Mr. Loverman by Ricky Montgomery. 


July 7, 2023 Day 63
Woke up. Met Sunny at his hotel. Took a grab car to the Klong Toey slum. Pulled up to the Mercy Center. Took a tour of the place. Had lunch at Silom. Green curry with fermented rice noodles. Paper placemat resembling a banana leaf. Visited the Bangkok Arts and Cultural Center with Ashley and Olger. Big fish swallowing small fish. A three-dimensional street scene. A map reminded us of Noah. Returned to the hostel for a quick nap. Phil, our roommate in flannel shirts, moved out. Vergil from Shenzhen moved in. Ashley and Olger went to watch a Muay Thai fight. Had dinner at the Siam Paragon with Sunny. Walked around Sala Daeng as we looked for a foot massage, past go-go bars. Solicited by women on the street. Solo night ride through Bangkok. Met up with Ashley and Olger at Khao San road. Danced at the Bucket. Sipped on a coconut. Made moves, fumbled. 


Snippet: Nit and I did not understand each other by the barrier of language, but with how she was putting full force on my calves and quads, she must have been saying “god, this guy’s quads are huge.


Song: The Moon Song by beabadoobee


July 6, 2023 Day 64
Had a quick breakfast. Took a bus from the Victoria Monument bus center. A ticket checker at the helm. Tickets dispensed from a cylindrical case like saran wrap. Sent Chloe a picture of a woman wearing Choate branded sunglasses. Met Father John at a Makro supermarket. Thai Yogurt. Met a stranger named Abdul, who spoke Cantonese. Abdul gave us a rendition of 上海灘. Loaded up our foodstuffs onto a pickup truck. Ashley and Olger rode in the back. Unloaded our food by a temple by Lak Hok, for the Viet and Khmer Krom refugees living there. Photo-op. Sunny called us a real politician. Father John drove us to his house. Drove by Klong Prem prison. A Prayer Before Dawn. Zoomed with ACS at Father John’s house. Had Tom Yum at a local restaurant. Closed wok burner attached to a vent, the oil iridescent. Said goodbye to Father John. Went for a Thai massage before having dinner at the Paragon food court. Walked around the night market at Jodd Fair. A Thai Band playing Chinese songs. The Sinosphere. Watched the Flash at the Paragon. What did we just see? Stood for the king. Texted Zander. Split a rambutan with Ashley and Olger in the hostel kitchen. Had some water. Slept. 


Trailer for the Man Suang movie looked fire. 


July 5, 2023 Day 65
Arrived in Bangkok. The car park bathed in purple light outside the Suvarnabhumi airport. Took a taxi to Ratchathewi. Our bunk at the Timber hostel. Making the vlog a real thing. Showered and slept. Our Planet II on Netflix, thought Gabby would be a fan of animal documentaries. Took the BTS to MBK for breakfast. Met Father John. Drove to a Chicken restaurant for lunch. Spicy ground duck. Sticky rice in bamboo weaved cups. Picked up food supplies at a Lotus. Loaded them up for our visit to the Camillian Center for Children living with disabilities. Toured the center. Goalie’d for a kid. Chickens. Iron Man Jesus on a mural. Took the BTS back to the city. Ran into Sami at Patpong. Had dinner at Iconsiam. The basement, a night market, complete with lanterns and an artificial river. Had crocodile on a skewer. 蚵仔煎. Tom Yum Oyster Vermicelli. Filmed a mukbang. Returned to our hostel. Visited a dispensary with Ashley and Olger. Watched them smoke. Stayed up with them and talked. Downed some eggs from 7/11. Discussed critical race theory. 


At the Camillian center, after we took our photo, a kid held our arm and did the most muscular pose. We pretended to do a couple pushups. Understood him despite our barrier of language, a real tobyvfitness win. 


Asian American identity formed via immigrant experience, an inherent loneliness. The biracial-esque racial “medium” experienced by Asian Americans perhaps a tautology for America’s inability to register Asian Americans in its rigid racial binary. 


July 4, 2023 Day 66
Slept in. Went out to Shek Mun and Fo Tan to pick up our HKID and 回鄉證. Took the train to the office. Obtained a Wall Street Journal subscription through UChicago. Came back to have tea with Aboo and Gonggong. Left for the airport. Feeling the squats from yesterday. Just as the train left. Checked in at the airport. Tried our hand at vlogging. Meet a metcalf. Read Kenzaburo Oe’s Seventeen on the plane. A most normal seventeen year old. Sailed through the night. 


19 years are about to pass through the pinhole of two hours. The written text as a bending of time and space. Consider the medium through which we communicate, the condensation, splicing of a consciousness. All to afford someone the ability to sit in our head for a little while.


Feeling strong about the recent affirmative action news. Asian Americans thrust into the limelight. Our old friend Calvin Yang’s speaking for Students for Fair Admissions. God bless America. God bless Asian American children. 


July 3, 2023 Day 67
Checked out Franz Kafka’s diary. An interesting character. To write so personally with such intensity. Aboo brought us coconuts. Write people postcards. Had noodles for dinner. Did pushups. Sweat drenched, we cried. Went out for a night run. Stray cats. From the hilltop, a view of the city. Not a fan of how the heat grinds us down. Been upset with how little we’ve been able to do. Got back home and showered. Flying to Bangkok tomorrow. 


A step above Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. 


Meta: Went on a deep dive through our journal entries. The past is a bit more distant than we remember. A lot of the sentences are malformed, the belief in our always-consciousness may be a retroactive insert. We were slouching towards Bethlehem to be born. An awkwardness to be confronted with the unadulterated intensity of youth. 


July 2, 2023 Day 68
Felt the sunburn when we woke up. Went to Tsing Yi to grab Chloe’s debit card from 二姑媽. Had breakfast. 二姑媽 gave us some substantial pocket money. Kowloon Elemental. Bought tickets for spidey. Shook. Needed some time to adjust back to a non-animated reality. Characters fleshed out well. Had hot pot with Angie, Minseo and Jolie. Took the mtr back home. Not a lot of time to R2A. Slept. Revisited past entries. Pick up our documents tomorrow and realign ourselves with our goals. Check out Nhan’s work for a model of what we can do for the rest of this summer. 


Think we prefer Repulse Bay to Shek O’s beach. The steep drop into water is nice, and the platforms are fun to swim to. The past couple of weeks living in Hong Kong. Participating in the rhythm of the city. MTR. Work has been goofy. Make sketches of places. 


Comparing last summer to this summer. Last summer was about imagination, this summer is about reality. Reconciling the two, and learning how to breathe in real thick water. Might have started this summer wrong by choosing to watch the Batman on the plane. Too much of a vengeance. 


Song: Who Wants To Live Forever by Queen. 


July 1, 2023 Day 69
Woke up. Took the mtr to Shau Kei Wan, then the 9 bus to Shek O. Met up with Abigail, then met Jalen from UWC. Lounged about in the water, the sand soft. Had skewers for lunch before Abigail showed us the rocks. Dawn in the Adan. Clear water in crevices. Crabs and sea urchins. People with their gloves and tongs wading through the water, collecting various mollusks. Got really close to a butterfly. Its veins leaflike. Arrived in Kennedy town at 4. Walked to the UChicago campus, round the mountain green. The islands in the distance. Black sesame soy milk. Returned to the mtr station with our phone dead. Ran into Phoebe from our TAPs class, we were shook. Sunburnt. Olger came, then 崔姐. Ate. Balled with the HKU masters students in the courts by the sea. 奥黑卡卡吃先生. Went to Shark’s place to play cards. Took a cab back home. 


Snippet: On a rabid hunt for the black moth. An urge to capture living things. To take pictures of people’s shiba inus. To find a corner untouched. To section off a piece of land and say I’m the king of this hill.


An affinity for those who get off at the same stop. Your neighbors. Our work has exposed us to every strata of society. Filipino, South Asian diaspora, refugees, expats. The cocktail bun is a metaphor. Who does Hong Kong belong to?


Song: Dawn in the Adan by Ichiko Aoba. 


June 30, 2023 Day 70
Donated to Exeter. Set up a recurring donation. Got dressed, wore pants for Credit Suisse. Had Dim Sum with Aboo. Settled in a To Kwa Wan library cubicle on the 6th floor. Looked at Jasper’s modern myth. Checked out Nhan’s Viet Narrative podcast. Had afternoon tea with the grandparents at Maxin. Went out to Nam Cheong. Talked to Yu Dong as we picked up meals from the restaurant. Gave our little spiel to Credit Suisse. Had dinner. Brie Larson in Scott Pilgrim. Went back home. 


Working out of a single room in the warehouse building. “A material charity”, linking sponsors to beneficiaries. 


Meta: Revisited a lot of our past entries. They seem strange? Think our language has definitely changed and shifted, if not slightly. Have to remember and stay close to the living communion of thought. 


June 29, 2023 Day 71
Took the train to Wong Chuk Hang. A moment of awareness in the train station, dead reckoning, the veil lifted. Visited the Anti-Cancer Society. An anthology series for cancer patients? Recording lives, memory.com. The Farewell, a phenomenon of families choosing not to tell the elderly that they have cancer. Rode the train to HKU for some Hunanese cuisine with the public health masters students. Went home. Texted Bill Baker about his resemblance to Hughie in The Boys. Meeting Alec in Singapore in August. The Supreme Court affirmative action decision came around midnight. Blanketed our instagram feed.


NZT-48, an intelligence enhancing drug. Limitless. 


June 28, 2023 Day 72
Traveled to Tiu Keng Ling to donate fortune bags to the Yon Oi Tong kindergarten. Spoke with the principal. Hong Kong’s low birthrate observed through decreased enrollment. A pandemic bottleneck, the middle class leaving in droves. Had char siu and chicken rice. Exercised our free will as we exited the mtr stop. Did not head home but wandered around instead. Stopped by the playground and did some pushups. Started drafting a coolcat that we finished at the library. Days escaping us. Commit to breathing. Weather so nice as we exited the library. Lion Rock in the distance. Rain must have cooled things down. 


Snippet: Watched the Arnold biopic a couple weeks ago. Arnold said that his one gift was an extraordinary ability to visualize. If I can see it, I can achieve it, he said. I thought that was profound. 


June 27, 2023 Day 73
Slept in. Can’t do that any more. Went for Dim Sum with Aboo and Gonggong. Took the train to the office in Central. Worked with Ulyssa to type stuff up for SunshineVerse. Listened to the Ballad of Cleopatra again. Levels of consciousness. Finished work. Wandered around Central with Olger and Ashley. Had some Rogan Josh at a really tucked away Indian place. Owner suffered a stroke, they were happy to have us. Beer on the house. Followed the music upstairs to Kimberly’s Lounge, a Filipino bar. Did a rendition of Fergalicious. 


Open source VR. Community VR library. The Oasis from Ready Player One


June 26, 2023 Day 74
冬瓜鹹蛋瑤柱湯. Reminded of our fruit allergy. Set up a ringtone for Aboo. Verklempt. One of Harry’s pieces reminded us of Rabo Karabekian’s unwavering bands of light. Free day off, use it well. Booked our flights to and from Singapore. Did some pushups. Slept. 


Snippet: Think the greatest compliment we ever got was from Holden, who wrote to us after reading Catullus, “man, he sounds just like you.” To be erudite, witty, polished. Expolitum. 


Taught Aboo the marvels of modern technology. Importance of accessible user interfaces —black for text, blue for hyperlinks. 


June 25, 2023 Day 75
Showered. Ramona, Scott Pilgrim. Music from the Rick and Morty Planetina episode. If we could just take flight. Met Aboo and Gonggong at the Dim Sum place. Showed them pics of Chicago and Exeter. Travelled via Google Earth. Took the train, then the 6 bus to the cricket club. Waited for Russell by the parking booth. A black moth in daylight. Met Angie in the club’s restaurant. Had a prawn laksa. Bowled, practiced the leg swipe. Talked with Ina on the bus to Repulse Bay. Intergenerationality. Caught up with Clark about college, thoughts on the pervasiveness of alcohol. Swam out to a platform with Angie and Ina. Rushed to Nam Cheong, our shorts wet, via Ocean Park. Met a couple people from LSE. Olger vs 婆婆 in badminton. Worked with the homeless to get them haircuts. Helped a man onto his wheelchair. Took the Tun Muen line back home. 


Snippet: Ina asked us what our takeaway was from Exeter. So we told her about last summer. At Charlie Preston’s house with JaQ Lai realized in us the idea of a sort of intergenerationality that persists past grad. Intergenerationality that continues in the relationships we have with alumni and people still at the school. Relationships formed by kids parenting kids. Something we valued greatly—and perhaps unique about Exeter. Though Chicago has taught us much and transfojjrmed us in ways we could not have imagined. 


The great memory machine. 
Woah, get on R2A. we’re losing track of days. 


June 24, 2023 Day 76
The lovers of Valdaro. Arrived in Kwun Tong, the Wave. Whole day of workshops. Read Metamorphosis in the Yale New Journal. Cultural work should be the direction we take on composing reflections for this summer. Awareness, interest, conversation, seeding the tree. ChatGPT assisted writing? Interviewed for ACS. Came back home and slept. 


Consider two people living within a mile radius of each other who have never met one another.


Snippet: What will you say at the end of days? When it becomes abundantly clear what will become of us? The man will carry his father up a mountain, he will leave him there to die. This is the Japanese practice of ubasute. 


June 23, 2023 Day 77
Took the ferry to Peng Chau. Spoke to the elderly about nutrition. Met Shawn, who’s going to UCLA. Walked around Peng Chau. Got a close up of a butterfly. Hong Kong’s flora and fauna. Stockton Rush was an Exeter grad. Get back to R2A. Settled in the City Hall public library. Charged our phone as we did some work. Grabbed a little food at Maxin, Char Siu rice and Ovaltine. Took the train back. Fell asleep. The heat made us tired, too much forgetfulness. Showered. Researched Hong Kong’s beaches. Craving some pork liver congee. Slept.


Meta: Edited a couple of recent entries for clarity. Our thoughts have not been so organized. Build around coherent themes. 


June 22, 2023 Day 78
Public holiday, no work. Moved out of Tai Po back to To Kwa Wan. Got Dim Sum with the family. Talked to Aboo as we were waiting for the bus. This is water, this is water, we can breathe. The titanic submarine incident. The survival film genre. Got back home. Took a massive midday nap. Resolved our network issues. Offered essay help. Watched The Boys. 


Ubasute, the way up the mountain. Recalling Aeneas and his father, the sculpture inside the Latin study. To abandon with piety? A natural progression of life, the Ballad of Narayama. 


Snippet: Had dinner with Angela a couple days ago. Last coolcat was a weak one. What is this guy talking about? Condensation of realities that suffocate. This is water, this is water. Proof of humanity. So much of why we write is to prove that we deserve to live. Recalling a scene in Avatar: Way of the Water. The scientist’s monologue as the drill goes through a Tulkun skull. Some terrific irony to the idea of killing something vastly more intelligent, emotional, and human. As if our humanity is defined by the ability to engage in depth of thought and feeling.


June 21, 2023 Day 79
Woke up at 9:00. Took the train up to Fan Ling. The mountains by the border. A dog on the street when we left Ta Ku Ling village. Visited a temple. Crispy taro fish. Took the train back and showered. Bamboo scaffolding, mesh on concrete. Napped, then got dressed. Took the East Rail Line down to Central. Met Russell outside the China club. Shook hands with PRaw. A copy of the Asian. Talked to some pre-zuck Browning alumni. Had a terrific Salmis Ox Tongue with Russell at Tai Ping Koon, Chinese restaurant circa 1860. Took the train home. Someone playing Stand By Me again. Stayed up watching Star Trek 2009. A midwest intergalactic shipyard. 


Snippet: …Two weeks into my summer in Hong Kong we first heard it. Always the night commute back to Tai Po on the East Rail Line… Escaping from the city to the mountains that sprawl most of the city’s north. The green was some place to go back to. Started thinking that Stand By Me was some sort of old promise between a pair of lovers. 


June 20, 2023 Day 80
The rhythm of the city, participating in rush hour. Movement of demographics, uptown to downtown. Cars are steel beasts. Visited the Hong Kong Refugee Union. Met Adella from Uganda. Had curry brisket at the Sheung Wan market. Virtrix VR. Got congee and beef innards down at the Tai Po market with mom. Think we came through. Lock ourselves in a room and just write. Watched Suits with Chloe. The Kobayashi Maru. 


Write about the loneliest Americans, something deeply confessional about completing the arc. “A couple years ago we could not do one pullup, now we can do eight.”


Stephen McNulty’s defense of an idealist. 


June 19, 2023 Day 81
Got breakfast with mom and Chloe. Brought our clothes to the laundromat. Mom poured the detergent like a libation. R2A, set up office spaces. Submitted our confirmation to be on the Singapore Trek. Book flights by Monday. Visit the Chicago campus in Hong Kong. Did some pull ups. Watched the Trial of the Chicago 7. Read parts of the Port Huron statement. Make good use of our Exeter alumni account. 


Memento: Always thought of summer as a time of death, of limbo, of the condensation of realities that suffocate us. Have to escape that mentality and realize that we can breathe. 


June 18, 2023 Day 82
Mom’s out of quarantine. Grabbed dim sum with the family. Took the bus down to Tsim Sha Tsui. Olger lost his phone last night at LKF. Called the police at Chungking Mansion. Indian food, some sort of Tatooine. Rode in a cop car. Bonded with Ashley as we were waiting for Olger at the Tsim Sha Tsui police station. Grabbed dinner with Angela. Felt some sort of closure to confess about Jacqueline and how much that meant to us. Walked around in the dark. Caught us in some sad boi hours. The arc of this summer, some sort of familial redemption. About escaping infantilization, the recognition from our parents of who we are as an individual. Someone playing Stand By Me on the train again. This is water, this is water, we will live. Wong Kar Wai, this city. 


Song: Beating Hearts by Paige and Nikki Era. 


June 17, 2023 Day 83
Woke up early in the morning. Grabbed milk and some bread before heading out. Took the bus down to an industrial building in Kwai Fong. Packed fortune bags, got good footage. Grabbed some conveyor belt sushi before taking a taxi to HKU. Sunny briefed the HKU med kids on interacting with the homeless. Microgestures have big effects. Afternoon tea, Sunny told us he grew up in Venezuela. Wandered around Causeway bay, stopped at a calligraphy exhibit on the bottom floor of the Central public library. Portrait of a monkey. Grabbed some ramen. Freshened up at Ashley’s place. Went to Lan Kwai Fong with Olger and Ashley. Met our man Don. Ran into Angela, who was asking to be saved from her bumble date. Left early, took the metro home, worked on a coolcat. The croaking of a frog in the gully.


Snippet: When last, among some classics conventionists, we realized we were getting old, and put to rest our weary sack of bones. When were we last consumed by the pure ecstasy of each other, no alcohol, no nothing?


June 16, 2023 Day 84
Woke up at 6:30 and went down to the pier at Central. Took the ferry to Peng Chau island. Spoke to the elderly at the activities center. Had dim sum with the fellow interns. Took the metro back to Tai Po. Patrice from Warner Records reached out. Make it in the Chicago music scene. Get ourselves an email signoff. Went out for dinner with Chloe and Dad. Watched Bandersnatch. Met with Sam from career advancement. Steps forward for recruiting prep. 


June 15, 2023 Day 85
Grabbed lunch with Chloe at 大快活. Took the bus down to Central. Met Olger on the lift. First day of work at the office. Sunny briefed us on the internship and his idea for vr palliative care. Filmed interviews with the masters students from HKU. Took the metro to Nam Cheong to visit the homeless. 


June 14, 2023 Day 86
Cormac McArthy died. Don’t lose another day. Write and pick up some sense of the things around us. Cough feels better. Went out for breakfast. Cats on the balcony. Got a haircut. Recovering from some virulent sickness. Love is a Luminous Insect at the Window. Aboo tested positive for covid. Watched Zohan with Chloe. Slept on an inflatable mattress. 


Dreamt that we were grabbing a bite with Jacqueline at a stripmall. Told her we were going to get some ice cream but she was leaving as we came back. 


June 13, 2023 Day 87
Feeling a little better today. Rest up for R2A. Had Dimsum with Aboo. Watched Fubar. Zoomed for Sunshine Action. Fell asleep on plastic covers. 


Snippet: She said her eyes don’t work so well anymore. “Been using this [machine, her body] 80 years,” she said, “washers don’t last that long.”


June 12, 2023 Day 88
Aboo grabbed us breakfast, some rice noodles. Edited our articles for the Maroon. Take a covid test tonight. Laughed our asses off to Tim Robinson. Season 1, Episode 4 at 10:00 minutes. The skeleton of a comedy sketch—the appearance of some sort of normality descending into complete chaos.


June 11, 2023 Day 89
Gonggong got covid. Rode in an ambulance. Accompanied Gonggong to Queen Elizabeth. Packed our things. Relocated to Tai Po. Sanitized and showered. Long day. Not feeling so good. Coughing up a storm. Netflix on the big screen though. 


Dreamt that Will Park showed us to a Korean church, and that we went back and ran with the XC boys and Newbould on rain-swept streets. 


June 10, 2023 Day 90
Batman, we’ve returned with a vengeance. Went out for Dim Sum. Settled down in the To Kwa Wan library. No room of one’s own, but headphones are nice for artificial barriers. Back to Mrs. Davis—great show. Meeting Russell tonight. Get a headstart on recruiting prep for this summer. A craving for cucumber sandwiches. Took the bus to Causeway bay. Sat on top of the doubledecker. Shabu Shabu feasted with Russell.


Nooks and crannies and alleyways, this city is suffocating. 


June 9, 2023 Day 91
Took the MTR. Sorted out our documents. Felt a profound sadness about Hong Kong and this summer. Wrote a coolcat blurb on our grandparents but going to leave it unpublished. Voronoi polygons. Looked at Noah Lee’s website. Did our pushups. Showered and slept. 


Listen to music. Might be our only defense. 
The power of anecdotes, stories are our common currency.


Snippet: When we got to the airport my grandmother picked us up. Her hair sported patches of white. She was visibly older. She told me she had stopped dyeing it. “There’s no use,” she said. 


June 8, 2023 Day 92
Woke up. Grabbed Dim Sum with Aboo and 公公. Took the bus to 大埔 for a prepaid sim card. Published a coolcat on our way there. Lychee and Mangosteen. Homegoing travelogues. Took a poll of who’s in Hong Kong this summer. Connecticut and the tristate area resembling the planet Arrakis. Dropped mom off at 元朗. Had dinner at 大家樂. What’s happening in New York? Thunderstorms for the next week. Did push ups until our arms were sore. Eat well, eggs and protein.


June 7, 2023, Day 93
Grabbed a Japanese breakfast with Mom and Chloe at a canteen. Train crossings. Put our jacket over our head to block the sun. Don’t incur the wrath of the pompompurin. Took the train to Narita. Ran into Alexa Murat from Exeter. Watched the Arnold Schwarzennegar biopic. Sunset flight. Watched Batman on the plane. Zoe Kravitz. Aboo and Gonggong picked us up at the airport. Visibly older. Took the bus home. Showered. Slept. 


Eyeball cameras, approaching verisimilitude. 
Write and ask about the book press job. 


June 6, 2023 Day 94
Grilled hamburger with rice. A Japanese cover of Only You playing in the restaurant. Had three servings of salad, three servings of onion soup and two servings of rice. Acquired some new drip at Uniqlo. Came back early. Did some pushups. Ran the Norwegian Wood route from Komagome to Yotsuya. Past Iidabashi, ran by the river to Yotsuya station. Visited Suga Shrine in the rain. A particular set of stairs. Took the Yamanote line back home. Cool 7 miler, always save the day. Had a goated French toast from 7/11. 


Notes on our run:
Roads reminiscent of Shanghai, unlike the grid and lattice of Chicago and New York. Paced by little kids on bikes on their way home back from school. 


June 5, 2023 Day 95
Somewhere only we know. Omakase at Nihonbashi. Salmon roe plate, juicy little explosions. Clam soup. Godly Uni. Visited the Shibuya crossing with mom and Chloe. Returned to our hotel early for a nap. We’ve become a Yamanote line regular.


Clean the messy room, the rule of life is resisting entropy. 
Taro Okamoto’s Myth of Tomorrow. 
Extraplanetary origins for life trace a divine lineage for humanity. 


Dreamt that we were Anderson’s RA again. 


June 4, 2023, Day 96
Took the Yamanote line to Yurakucho. Matcha cream puffs. Met Yuto at the Ginza exit. Walked to Kabukiza. Matahei the Stutterer. The spirit hath pierced through stone. Tsukiji fish market. Big uni fan. Had whale nuggets, a collective crime. Found a lettuce farm inside Itoya. Hokusai’s monkeys. Yuto showed us around the G6 rooftop. Gaijin recklessness. Had some ramen and rice by Tokyo station. Brides and their bridegrooms taking wedding pictures. 


Starving!


June 3, 2023 Day 97
Woke up early at 5. Brushed our teeth. Linkedin surfing. Had Japanese breakfast from Family Mart. Octopus in wasabi. Glutinous rice balls on a skewer. Mentaiko, cod roe. Where the green is, we ought to go. Yesterday’s storm stranded us momentarily at the hostel. Sat down and wrote cover letters for Hong Kong and Singapore. Secured the Dethklok and Babymetal pitch for September. Took the train out. Ate at the Odawara fish market. Arrived in Tokyo. Walked through Ueno, the cemetery garden. Got dinner with Jayden. Had some sushi and pork don. Masahisa Fukase’s Crows.


ANTH 26740: Economic Organization of Ancient Complex Societies. 


Make this a Joan of Arc of Mongolia kind of summer. Like Rushdie’s visit to Bombay after an absence of 20 years. Balancing input and output, experience and production. Think we need to produce more, why we’ve been writing articles for the Maroon.


Meditation on Abiogenesis.
Onsen town, verdant patches, volcanic soil. 
We are such stuff as stars are made of, Carl Sagan. 
For we are dust, and to dust we shall return, Ash Wednesday
Perhaps it's not hard to think that spirits reside in things, Shintoism.
To see life in the material, that is spirituality.


June 2, 2023 Day 98
Took the train to Hakone. Texted Olger, plans for a summer in Hong Kong. Zigzagged up Mt. Hakone, the roads winding. Tozan, 登山, mountain climbers, gli scalatori. Raining hard in the mountains. A short foot bath before we returned to Hakone-Yumuto. Ate at Yamasoba. Ukiyo-dons. Red bean buns. Hydrangea and moss growing on rocks. Volcanic origins of onsen towns, the sulfur in the hot springs. Rain falling like in Weathering with You. JR announcements audible from our room at the hostel.  


Snippet: When we arrived at the hostel, past the variegated shades of green, the manager greeted us. He told us it was the hardest he’s seen it rain in a while. The torrential downpour nourished the mountain greens. The verdant patches. 


June 1, 2023 Day 99
Slept through the night. Arrived in Tokyo in the afternoon. Took the Keikyu line to Yokohama. The train, galloping like a horse. Japanese houses. Alone in the spa house. Bathed. Examined our naked self in the mirror. This summer, stress the organism, to exhaustion. 


A house for old age.


May 31, 2023 Day 100
Woke up early in the morning. Flat wide eggs. Coolcatteries and the expanding tobiverse. Uncle drove us around Long Island. Checked in at JFK. Wrote cover letters on the plane to Haneda. Six hours in, the Yoke Lore mix proved to be a golden playlist. Watched Matrix: Resurrections. In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. 


Snippet: A close-up shot of a termite mound over desert sands, transitioning to that of the tower Babel. 


Song: Silver Lining by Mt. Joy


May 30, 2023 Day 101
Woke up early. Mom drove us to Cornell Scott Hill. In Xanadu did Kublai Khan, our mantra in the dentist’s chair. Crossed second avenue as we entered new york. Got our grades back in the car. 4.0 school year, academic weapon we are. Why no monkeys in North America? Arrived in long Island, home of the Great Gatsby. Feasted on ribs. Went out for a cool two miler. Slept on a cot. Alleviate soreness. 


Emanating spheres, light cones, the collision of our probabilities. 
A meeting of Your Name enthusiasts, the apotheosis of an ordinary set of stairs. 
A photograph, homegoing, a puncture in the space-time continuum between subject and viewer. 
The cogent power of narrative in helping us contextualize the fragmentary nature of our lives. 
Futurama, in how many shows are the ruins of a city left subterranean, necropoli. 
The vegetation lining the interstate on Long island, overlapping canopies, branching draping greenery. 


Notes: Talked to Uncle, who teaches maritime business at the Merchant Marine Academy. Ship finance. 4k to 100k swings. London, Singapore, Shanghai. Maritime law. Seafaring economics.


May 29, 2023 Day 102
Legs sore. Good news from Sunshine Action. Updated our linkedin. Feeling mega-productive. Published our year in review. Off to good things this summer. Flowers continue to test us. To exhaustion, stress the organism. The sun god Amaterasu. Went on a night run. The drawing of an eye onto a Buddha, to awaken the spirit within. Tiresias lived through seven generations. Packed light for the summer.


Coolcat: One man’s advice for finding home was carrying an oar to a people who know nothing of the sea. A year ago, leaving home, I did not know what Chicago would bring. I thought my journey to the west was an exile, envisioned that I would be “marooned in the cold dark heart of America.” That could not be further from the truth. At a mock trial tournament this winter, I left a grey sweatshirt in an Iowan McDonalds—this was the farthest I had been inland. I like to think I left my sweatshirt there on purpose. A tribute. My friends, thank you, thank you, thank you, for your kindness, patience, and care. Three quarters in this beautiful city surrounded by beautiful people, here’s to three more! Have a good summer. 


Song: Wizard’s Well by Schmoopy. 


May 28, 2023 Day 103
Woke up. Went to Chloe’s grad. Had sandwiches. Ran into Begum. Caught up with Bill. Took a fat midday nap. Remind ourselves this is water. Entries feel stale, we are perhaps in need of some spirituality. The wards of Tokyo. Pick up miles this summer? Went out for a night run. Mumford and Sons. 


Tired he was when he knocked on the door of Calvert House.
“Mr. Walker…?” “Call me Austin.”


May 27, 2023 Day 104
Woke up at 10. Restructure run to tonight. Truffles for breakfast. One narrative, tell human stories. Went to Chloe’s baccalaureate service. Balms and Psalms. Career trek. Watched a documentary on micromouse. Progress depends on paradigm shifts. Got a New York Times subscription through Chicago. 


How does a man make himself eternal? Become impressive over this summer by working on projects. Produce, produce, produce. 


May 26, 2023 Day 105
Woke up early and drove down to Choate. Saw Chloe. Went to Chloe’s cum laude induction. Carried her beanbag back home. Thoughts on this summer: the beauty of authentically capturing a moment. Take up a camera, get a journal. Took out the trash and went for a walk. Dandelions falling like snow. We’re officially in summer, T-105 to RA training. Wake up tomorrow for an early run. Sam’s tailor? Watched a documentary on metamodernism in film. 


Summer projects:
Homegoing travelogues
Movie critic training.
Planche training. 
Get a tailored suit.
Go to one of the small islands of Hong Kong
Conduct interviews with strangers
Find scenes from your name in Tokyo. 


Memento: Depend on structural propositions—early morning 3 mile walks. Major emphasis on tobyvfitness activities, planche. General plot of the summer—Chloe’s grad, Japan, Hong Kong (internship), Shanghai, week in Connecticut before Chicago in September.


May 25, 2023
Woke up and did our laundry. Packed all our belongings in four bags. Picked up a map of Europe. Went to cottage grove with Ben. Put our stuff in the storage unit. Ben guest swiped us into Woodlawn. Grabbed food. We’re ready to go. Call a lyft at 5. Packed two bananas. Daylight by Maroon 5. Asteroid City. Sat downstairs at Tiffins before checking out. Took an uber to Midway. Wrapping up this year in Chicago. Accepted into Trott. Syzygy. Write when we’re in Tokyo. Telling jokes. Sunset flight home. 西湖，无尽头. The Farewell. Mom picked us up at Hartford in a big white car. 


Snippet: A serenity gained upon exiting the bubble, like our summer post Exeter. An isolated plane of existence, riding the sunset above the clouds.


May 24, 2023
Noodles from Zofie by divine providence. Settled in the Fifth Floor lounge. White winter hymnal carried us through our poli-sci final. Subsisted off food in the lounge. Leah’s mana, pecan cookies. Grabbed some food from the homeroom. Worked until ten. Submitted. This nightmarish thing. Gave our letters to Sophia and Devin. Said goodbye to folks down in the lounge. Who am I? Alone in the ihouse courtyard. Last night in our room. Guillermo’s Pinocchio.


Walzer and Beitz. Reiterative universalism. Human creativity expressed in diverse political systems. 


May 23, 2023
Golden hour. Rush. Submitted our apes report by 8. One down, two more to go. Review for astro hard. Met with Beymer. Head out to eat at Baker. Ran into Misaki. Reviewed for Astros on the A level with Sergio and Alec. Took our final, hope we did ok. Lost our ID, Alec guest-swiped us into Woodlawn. Walked to the reg, outlined our poli-sci final. Walked back with Ben. Make this summer good. 


The motion of the stars. Koko showed death-awareness.  
The red edge. Rogue planet. Wanderers. 
FLAG grant for next year—be on the road always. 
So glad to be in the beautiful city of Chicago.


May 22, 2023
Woke up, showered, compartmentalize. Finish our apes report today. Review for exos. Polisci will be tomorrow and Wednesday's mission. Had lunch with Ryan. Elijah gave us a really nice headshot for our linkedin page. Sort out our books tonight. 董小姐. Marks of our youth. Come so far, let’s keep working. Wrote about Hong Kong for our coolcat, document parts of the city, Rushdie’s Imaginary Homelands. Pay a visit to the Kowloon Walled City. Did 40 pushups in a row, return to R2A. Koko the Gorilla, speech defends our humanity. Sensu lato. 


Music:
The Ballad of Cleopatra—Lumineers
Illinois—Sufjan Stevens
安和桥北—宋冬野


Pieces of beautiful curation. 


Snippet: This is what it means to take up arbitrary thought—to take up arbitrary sin as well. Christ carried sins not his, and Oedipus carried sins for which he could not have been responsible. Just as Jacob from Minari carries the cross, we must act in imago dei. From the wretchedness of the body comes our capacity to dream of divine beauty. To see Jean Val Jean redeemed, the mark of his crime torn up and thrown into the wind. 


May 21, 2023
Woke up. Went to the point with Veronica and Tim. Dipped into Lake Michigan, naked. Walked back and took a shower. Write apes report today. Keep ourselves up to date on vaccines. Grabbed a muffin from the courtyard. Spring fountains. Mock trial theater. Dillinger’s footlong. Got dressed for Mock media day. Walked back to ihouse, talked to Emily in the courtyard. Took a long midday nap. Profound sadness. Four days till we leave. Four days till the end of this year. Start packing stuff into boxes tomorrow. Wrote to Sophia, Devin and Ryan on Mother’s day cards. Why are these last days of the year so cold? Had rice and pulled pork down at Tiffins. Good things will come to you, Lincoln. 


Felt uneasy to be confronted, like things dug up needlessly. Let things pass.
Writing to prove one’s humanity. Beauty as the capacity for receiving divine providence, divine in the sense of extra-human. For we have loved people just because they were beautiful.
Rhyme is a generative device, words program words.


During our midday nap, dreamt that the interstellar jets had parked themselves outside our window. Their pilots in white and orange motorcycle suits. Then we climbed down the lift cord of our window blinds, which went all the way down outside. Woke up in fairyland. dreamt that we lived in a dorm composed of layers of bunks, entrances barricaded by red cushioned armchairs. We donated a wheelbarrow to the all-state magic tournament. Then dreamt that we had lived a past life where our coolcats ended at 19, and felt sad for the brevity of that past life. 


May 20, 2023
Woke up lazy. Save the day. Grabbed a Greg shirt from the ihouse backyard. Had some food at Woodlawn. Left for the point. Final survival tribal. Fire challenge. Subbed in for Pablo. A day out at the point. Triptych, refraction of the heavens. Beautiful beautiful day. Aboo called. Hung out with debate. Debate’s senior sendoff hijacked by a man on a bike playing Ed Sheeran. Did no work today. Get our stuff down tomorrow. Clean up the back of our hair. 


May 19, 2023
Woke up. Ran into Billy in the elevator. Caught the shuttle bus to class. 48 hours, final pump and dump. Fermi’s Paradox. We’re not special… Ate at Baker. Walked home to do laundry. Finish Oedipus at Colonus. There Will Come Soft Rains by Ray Bradbury. Nectar by Joji. Had rice and meat for dinner at Cathey. A chonkasaurus spotted the Chicago river. Lyfted with Isabelle and Leena to Trial by Fire. S'mores. Men of science forever. Hurried to Gospel at Colonus. Saw Steven again. Returned to Trial by Fire, picked up our paper plate. Ryan came to Tiffins. Had some Thai curry. Sat on the couches and talked. Sleep and write cards tomorrow morning. Make the Maroon a people club. 


“It has been prearranged. This is my destiny. 
I thought my passionate heart had sought
A punishment too great for past mistakes.”


Notes on Gospel at Colonus, Oedipus as Christ:
The preacher plays Theseus, and thus acts as the father to Oedipus.
Weak and trembling, outcast and downcast, they find transcendence through prayer.
Reversal of the prodigal son parable between Oedipus and Polyneices.
Oedipus receives mercy, and yet that’s not what he shows to Polyneices.
Polyneices’ lack of filial piety is contrasted with that of Antigone and Ismene. 
Antigone acts as eyes, blindness turns to sight, and what is lost is found.
To wrestle with age and mortality. To come to terms with the inevitable.
Oedipus is self prophetic about his death, and in death he is redeemed.
The cultural significance of lamentation. A decision to unclothe. The shedding of garments. 


A conversation with Oia this winter hit us hard in ways we had not realized. If parents are supposed to be models of loving relationships, what does it mean to not have that?


Snippet: Perhaps the dread of a young death is that it is sudden, unexpected, that there is no will or testament, no appropriate summary of a life lived. Know this, if you are watching, 
that we have lived infinite lives.


May 18, 2023
Finished our piece on Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia in bed. Woke up and walked to Hutch. Picked up some saffron that we then Ate with Ryan outside. Talked to Sergio about Mongolia. Spent a couple hours with Elijah and Asa around a table. Ran into the pop people on the quad, went to Berry Palooza at Woodlawn. Walked back up north to play Wopo. Beautiful day. Game with the alums. Went to fourth meal with Louis, ran into Lulu. Talked to Clancy. Walked home with Sumin. McGregor Forever. 


Experiencing sex and love we pondered loneliness, and found the division of our bodies to be a sin. To be absolved of it we found god.


Start saying old sport. One needs a catchphrase: good stuff buddy. 


May 17, 2023
Woke up and walked to poli-sci. Gone, gone, gone. Hebraisms. Elijah’s videography. Sausage and gravy. Went to exoplanets. Submitted our article and interview on Aztec Human Sacrifice. Ran into Tom in the reg, A level regulars. We’re credited on a paper! Generation of LexA enhancer-trap lines in Drosophila by Kockel et al. Lunch with Michael Moran. The game of nim. Sunsetz on the quad with Elijah and Ben. Published a coolcat. Slightly chilly. Grabbed wazwan at Hutch. Ate with Ruka and Robert. Rubbed spice into our eyes. Walked home. Reset. Went to Johanna D’Arc of Mongolia. Fever dream? On mutual exoticism, what is the role of a spectator? Films never digitized—experiments of ephemerality. Talked to Bi on our way out back to ihouse. 


Coolcat: Sunset is timeframe, event, and impetus. 


Doctrine: Have learned from our coolcats to oscillate between description and explanation, to keep a rhythm, a heartbeat. Think we should never dwell too long in either the physical or the cerebral. Thoughts need to be anchored by events, and events demand reflection. 


What’s due
On willingness to take on arbitrary thought
On antipodes. Journey into the desert. 
On the flesh and purity of soul. 
On Asian American manifest destiny. 


Notes on Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia:
Signs in the void, the artificiality of the premiere fois of cultural contact. Cultural exchange is fueled by exoticism of the unknown. Certainly, exchange can be beneficial, but it does not happen without coercion—the European travelers were forced out of the claustrophobic carriages into the open steppes via a hijacking. In the film, the choice of what’s subtitled and what’s not, whether it was intentional, delineated the foreign from the familiar. The travelers’ experience in the train is meant to be contrasted with their experience in the steppe. Food is the first point of contact—the princess offers the guests milk as her first sign of hospitality. Though contrast accompanies contact—the skinning and gutting of a goat reflects a sanctity not found among the Europians. The ending in which the Mongols board the trans mongolian railway and reveal themselves as modernized—only ”upholding the illusion of free nomadic life”—is curious but mutualistic “exotic attraction” is not convincing as a defense for exoticism when the Mongols need to adopt European dress. Nevertheless, the film frequently calls into question the role of a spectator, with the travelers taking photographs, recording in journals, and making pictures of the experience. To look at Johanna d’Arc of Mongolia as a movie would be inaccurate, it is perhaps closer to an ethnography that makes the audience aware of, and consequently question their role as a spectator—though it certainly is burdened by the cultural vestiges of its time. 


Song: Sunsetz by Cigarettes After Sex. 


May 16, 2023
Fight or flight. Showered. Let’s get this. Finished our apes report. Prepared interview questions. Interview in 10. Finished our chat with Jay. Artistic Director of Pride Arts. Left for lunch at Hutch. Ate on the quad with pop. Sat with Audrey and Meklet. Ryan and Ben came by. Figured out our storage unit options, move in next Thursday. Last Apes class, Professor Tuttle’s stories. If I die.. you all get an A, we’ve set that up. Read Oedipus at Colonus. Chinese men in suits and hats with cameras. Listened to music on the quad with Audrey and Meklet. Lonely songs. Grabbed Saffron for dinner. Dropped by the pool for our scrimmage against Northwestern. Had Chicken at fourth meal and walked home. Exhausted. Finish our articles tomorrow. Past days have been really substantive. Athens really co-opted Oedipus as one of their own.


Petal storm, the wind carried maple seeds.


Figure out storage options
Finish Interview + Article
Write Apes Report 2


End of Year Bucketlist
IHouse Tub
Go inside Booth
Doc Films on Film. Wednesday 7pm @ Johanna d'Arc of Mongolia
Lake Michigan Dip. Thursday 6:00 AM
Gospel at Colonus Friday 7:30 
Trial by Fire Friday 6:30 @ the point
Survivor Final Tribal Saturday 3pm @ the point
Wopo end of year barbecue. Sunday 1 pm @ the point 


Composites of composites 


Dreamt that we were on a bank heist dressed as batman. Ran into Will Park, Grace, and Allison on the way out of the building, shopping mall, train station. 


May 15, 2022
Woke up and walked to our poli-sci lecture. Elijah gave us a lifevest—review poli-sci notes. Sidequested. A stick of butter. Drafted our interview request to Jay. Submitted our metcalf stipend application. Returned the maroon trophy to Mr. Fox, a ceremonial passing of the torch, Ran into Rick at Ratner. Ate at Hutch with Ryan Lobo. Ran into Emily on the quad. Playwriting. Take care of ourselves. Grabbed some food at Hutch. Ran into Adith. Do apes do apes do apes. Get our name on the Maroon masthead. Did a minute and 20 on Flower by Moby. Jay responded to our email request for an interview tomorrow. Midnight opened our third eye—mind-composed the structure of our apes report, fill in tomorrow. 


Theaters under our belt: Studebaker, City Lit. 
This Saturday at 9pm I’ll be in this bathtub right here. 


Snippet: The Space Analogy, Asian American determinism. We are not where we came from. Memories severed. The refugee colonizer in Aeneas. We came first as railroad workers, miners, then restaurant and laundromat owners. Changing but always—always—dreamers. 


Song: Off My Mind by Joe P


May 14, 2022
Some mornings we wake up and feel like a ghost. Slight rain. Grabbed some breakfast before our trek up north to Edgewater. Comin’ thro the rye. Bob Dylan. The Six. Raindrops on train tracks, reminiscent of fort rock. Didn’t know mints could flower. Took the metra up. Compose our cover letter. Windy by the beach. Called Vincent at Northwestern. Aztec Human Sacrifice! Ran into the director, Jay Espano. Sat on the wooden steps of the train tracks. Took the L, then the metra back. Walked backwards from 63rd. Productive day, writing wise. Transcribe our thoughts on Aztec Human Sacrifice. Got dinner at Tiffins, Tofu Stew. Applied to Oliver Wyman. Back to R2A? Journalism will save us. Fire alarm just as we were typing. Went out on the grass. Saw Sophia, Sumin lent us his jacket. Mom got our card for mother’s day. Called Jasper. The little islands in Hong Kong. Fire alarm again while we were calling Jasper.


Snippet: Because memory is malleable, the past is an exercise of the present. No good mindwellers in doomsday bunkers, wine cellars. Dark the German show and Jonas living an exercise of pain. Christ-figures! To be in imago dei. Our bodies are dull, perhaps, but our souls! The tenderness of your love was to me, the greatest divinity. Your gentleness will not be forgotten. Galanthus, snowdrop, milk flower, you traded for my bones. You were a magician from the traveling show.


Notes on Aztec Human Sacrifice:
Heartbeats. Love, death, and god all revolve around the physicality of the heart.
Relentlessly human story in meso-american fashion.
Lovers killed in the heat of passion, their faces forever imprinted with ecstasy.
Turandotic night, citizens brandishing torches. 
This idea of preservation in death, perhaps humorously paradoxical, but genuine. 
In the desert, the abstract becomes the physical. Ghosts and manifestations of guilt.


Fall: Sweet Disposition, Apocalypse
Winter: San Junipero, All That and More


PEABXC constitution. 
Rule 1: no f-bombs
Rule 2: no fraternizing 
Rule 3: no dry-humping


Doctrine: When reviewing art, let us be an appreciator and not an evaluator. Art not optimally executed still contains value in meaning. 


May 13, 2022
Lazy morning. Holden Called. Tried biking. Ran into RIshi en route to Woodlawn. Went to the quad instead. Acts of kindness at food trucks. Line drama. Anne gets here at 6:00. Raining. Slow day. Stopped in Stuart to charge. Three month subscription to Apple news. Return to R2A. Fitness fiend. Ghostwriters on the New Yorker. Went to Rajun Cajun’s with Anne. Pret with ASAP Ferg. Picked up our three month subscription to Apple TV. Had a good convo with Josie. The Idiot by Elif Batumen. Stopped by the wopo party at Josea’s. Had some calpisco and said goodbye to Josea. Met Ryan outside of Max P, met his friend Max. Hung out in South before going home to bed. 


Shed the poor wretch. Unclothe. We cast lots for his garment. 
Anne told us that in Palestine they knew Chicago as Chiraq.


May 12, 2022
Woke up late. Caught a shuttle to our polisci discussion. Peter Singer. Reach out to Erin for help. Io passing into the shadow of Jupiter. Earbuds in the pockets of our khakis, don’t forget. Two plates of butter chicken with Sergio and Lucas at Hutch. Water cut and served out of a blob. Finished up our Exos homework on the A level. Climbed the hidden stairs in the Reg. Liminal spaces. Sat on a church pew in Rockefeller chapel. Night clerks and projectionists in old theaters. Make ourselves a press badge for the maroon. The sharpie black pens we got at Target are good. Did our laundry. Raining out. Took a lyft to Hutch. Moran redirected us to Baker. Ended up at Cathey with a roast beef, cucumber, tomato, chipotle aioli sandwich. A purple yard sign in dilapidated condition. Went to see Giancarlo at Dead Fun Society. The Von Meyers Lore. A24. Reset.


Snippet: A solemnity as the air sank around us—our silence was not ours. The mosaic of coloured glass, iridescent, and the gilded edges of stone arches. Recalling a neon blue we observed in Phillips Church during one meditation. The building is 120 feet 1½ inches in width. The roof line is 102 feet above the grade line… the apkallu laid the foundations.


Dog Carcass: 1st issue on eggs. Announce a prize for submissions, accept visuals. Cover graphic: “Dog Carcass” in black caps. fried egg with yolk off-center. Brown sausage dog with ivory ribs exposed, dead-eyed, tongue outstretched. Red flower growing out of ribs. 


Song: Talia by King Princess. 


May 11, 2022
Wrapped our grapes in a blanket. Ran into a reporter with a mic by Cobb gate. Started talking to us about affirmative action. Had lunch at Baker. Plantains. Settled in the A level next to Tom. Thought of the flan we had at Berkeley. Death awareness in Apes. Take cool classes. Signed wopo balls. Ran into the mock at Cobb gate. Followed them to the point. Dipped our toes in Lake Michigan. Grabbed fourth meal at Baker. Sat down with Ali and Carter. Ran into Tae at Tiffins. Sat down with Tae and Anuj. Had a nice convo, we’ve come so far. 


Lensing stars, Jupiter’s moons.
The fault not in our stars. 
Chicken and rabbits, 雞兔同籠. 


May 10, 2022
Slept in. Walked to our exos lecture. Ran into Stephen Haswell Todd. Do our Astro assignment. Made a prototype for our resume at Baker. Check on our fermenting grapes. Ran into Sebastian on his run. Had a sandwich at Cathey with Kofi. Walked back to ihouse. Napped. Went running. Get a pull-up bar over the summer. Made noodles and eggs. Called Max Kastl, who might be coming to Evanston. Beef. Eusociality. 


Honeydew, the flowers bear fruit. Sorry he died last winter, when the earth was too hard to bury him. 


To do before sunday
Exos assignment
Oliver and Wyman cover letter- update resume. 


May 9, 2023
Got our poli-sci paper back. Doing good, on track to finish, just have to grind these couple weeks. Get our apes report down today. Camera in a camera factory. Updated our linkedin. Listened to CHVRCHES. Saturday plans. God, we're productive. Best Intentions by Hodera sponsored a moment. Grabbed some food at Woodlawn. Turned left instead of right and ended up at the Logan center. Place is huge! Ran into Ashley, Adan, then Sumin. Get grapes. Got ourselves some black grapes from Jewel-osco. Attended our RA zoom meeting, sent in our stuff. The Jedi code. Prepared grapes. Wrote a message for Coach Sam. Got our pushups in, showered. Good stuff. Bucketlist item: go see Sumo wrestling. Secret-life-of-Walter-Mitty this thing. Get running shorts, a wifebeater, and white socks.
 
Snippet: When the meteor arrived with its shaggy haired flagellants, the Romans could not recognize their great mother. 


Quantumania:  Envision ourselves an alien scientist, adventurer, intergalactic explorer. 


Song: Best Intentions by Hodera. 


May 8, 2023
Sad boi hours. Arrived at our polisci lecture. Shelley died at 29. Basajaun, Basque mythology. Cellar holes. Einstein rings, the curvature of perception. Finished Breakfast of Champions. Kilgore Trout, Job-figure. Quick lunch at Baker. Ran into Clancy on the quad. Wandered. Settled under the arch of the Rockefeller chapel doors. We’re all green, could lay down on the grass and camouflage. Take an ivy cutting. Dropped by Saieh. Ran into Michael Moran. Had a good convo with Olivia Rae. Inflammation of the brain. Talked to Austin about the Lumen Christi Fellows. Become an art critic, or at least an avid theater-goer, make use of Chicago opportunities. Aztec Human Sacrifice. 10,000 Maniacs. Went to Trader Joes, picked up bread and camembert. Feeling a little burnt. Reset. 


Dead Fun Society @ Cobb May 11 Thursday 7:30 
Aztec Human Sacrifice @ Edgewater May 14 Sunday 3:00-5:00 
Gospel at Colonus @ Court Theater May 19 Friday 7:30 
Dip in Lake Michigan, IHouse Tub, Art Institute visit. 


Snippet: Have gotten pretty good at convincing others of our depth of thought and feeling. The acute sense of being some sort of prized bioluminescent mushroom cultivated for a glass display. We’re really good at it.


Lights All Askew In the Heavens: Men of Science More or Less Agog Over Results of Eclipse Observations. Einstein Theory Triumphs—November 10, 1919, Page 17 of the New York Times.


Song: In the Morning of the Magicians by the Flaming Lips.


May 7, 2023
Woke up. Brushed our teeth. Finished our Maroon article for the Flaming Lips. Journalism, man, journalism. Emailed Matthew from Glenbrook South WGBK about the photos he took. Held a ventra ticket up to the light and examined the wires. Went downstairs, wrote a card for mom. Had a Cubano outside. Sat in the courtyard. This year was cool as shit. Summer in Siem Reap. Call Max Kastl tonight. Stopped by Scav results. Had some iced tea at Woodlawn with Alec. Composed a coolcat on the flaming lips. Call us a journalist, call us a patron of the arts. Can never visualize images as we’re reading, but some images so vivid from books we have read. E.g Song of Solomon, the vivisection of a cat. To see Chicago’s shoreline from the Indiana dunes. Bright flash, thundering out? Started @tobyvfitness. Pavlovian conditioning with the Rocky theme. Go get some breakfast tomorrow. Felt hungry, haven’t in a long time. 


Meta: Time travelled via random number generator to July 25th, November 2nd, March 15th, May 6th, January 24th, December 16th, April 14th. New find, Chrysalis by Arthur Sze via December 16 entry. Make one of those websites where you can choose to go to a random date. How fiercely we guard our memories. So much written material.


Do you know what lies in the holy land? They say a man who, in France, had not a house, is in the holy land, the master of a city. Three quarters of a year in this beautiful place, in the company of beautiful people. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  


Doctrine: I have found no better clarity than that afforded to me by abstinence from women. Barring extensive justification for having no bitches, I’d like to note that, as Tolstoy writes, I will not succumb to the swinish instinct between the two sexes, nor as Shakespeare writes, make the beast with two backs. 


May 6, 2023
Saturday. Sat down at an empty Harper cafe. Mycology. The 1904 Olympic Marathon. Scav— went to the reverse-reverse game show. Grabbed a little food at Hutch and headed back. Might be sick for real. Took a long nap. Had tofu stew for dinner. The Rocky theme. 


Because we were young and we were restless. 


Snippet: Kapil told me that the first time he heard a Flaming Lips’ song was when he was 16, growing up in the suburbs of Wheaton. The song, She Don’t Use Jelly, was on the radio when his mom taught him how to drive in a blue 1989 Toyota Camry. Kapil told me that his mom always laughed because she thought the lyrics were ridiculous. “She passed away two years later. It’s one of my favourite memories of my mother.” he said. 


May 5, 2023
Take a Ricola. Walked to Cobb. Ribena and Horlicks. Suns out. The Flaming Lips. Girls just want to have fun. 4 year IR masters program. Had breakfast at Cathey with Ben and Isabella. Ran into Giancarlo outside of Cobb. Had lunch at Hutch. Gian gave us some critical knowledge about the flaming lips, grab a notebook for tonight. Walked back to ihouse to prep for tonight. Wes Anderson. The Cabin in the Woods. Cloud gazed on the midway. Idyllic. Pulled away by Adrian to work on scavapalooza stickers. Took the downtown connector shuttle. Walked north, stopped at a target for pen and paper. Took the 70 bus to the Salt shed. The Flaming Lips! Kapil, Sachin and Dave. Yoshimi. Fuck yeah Chicago. Took a lyft back. Slept. 


Setlist for Chicago. 
https://www.setlist.fm/setlist/the-flaming-lips/2023/the-salt-shed-chicago-il-23b84837.html


In the fluorescent, iridescent light we looked up and found God, a calmness. 


Snippet: We want to shoot a film. We want to write. We want to lead a prayer. We want to speak in tongues. We want to have mastery over the body. We want to do a lion dance. We want to be photographed in as many costumes as we can find. We want to be a journalist. We want to learn how to brew drinks. We want to grow citruses. We want to compose a song. 


May 4, 2023
Scratchy throat, think we’re coming down with something. Did our laundry. Ate at Woodlawn, grabbed a takeout box. Off day. Mission Impossible marathon. Pushups. Sunshine Action firing up. Do a scav item. Had plantains and pupusas from the third floor lounge. In pursuit of the peak human form. Hallelujah. 3000 dollar debate prize? 


You were the magician from a traveling show,
You came and stole all my bones.


Snippet: Entomologist and etymologist. Master of fermentation. Lover of citrus. Indulge in the fading afternoon light. To define an impetus—capture moments for crystallization. And a way of living—to travel far and wide, experience a great many things, and always be in communion with the living sphere of thought. 


May 3, 2023
Woke up at 7:00. Went to our poli-sci lecture. The future insured. Tolstoy, be prolific. Ur-Examples on TV Tropes. Kingdom of Heaven, the Knight’s Oath. Napped on the A level. Read Tolstoy’s letter to a non-commissioned officer. Visited the OI. The descent of Ishtar into the Netherworld. Tomb diagrams. Talked to Nicole. Museum security. Grabbed some food at Hutch. Ran into Elijah. Stopped by a martial arts demonstration, gis on the quad. The indomitable human spirit. Lion dancing. Lumen Christi fellows. Dune Part II. Watched Hacksaw ridge. 


Summer nights in Hong Kong we fell asleep on couches.
Dark they were, and Golden Eyed, Ray Bradbury. 
Conan the Bacterium’s fossilized remains on Mars.
Crystallization of moments, as we inch towards death, towards biological failure.


Song: 鱼仔 by Crowd Lu.


May 2, 2023
Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Settled in the A level. Do laundry today. Fulfill our auction request. Got the Maroon arts job. Proskynesis. Blue crates alternatives? Pay a visit to Hyde Park produce. Vice going bankrupt? Triathlons. Prey, cloverfield, Kaiju. A drop of water on our shoe, blood splatter. Worked on our exoplanets lab. Grabbed dinner at Baker. Wopo, scrimmaged against Depaul. Walked to Warren’s place by Dorchester. Yakult. Alec Benjamin, Panic at the Disco era. Indomie feast, cabbage, beef stir fry. Had a yakult. Melonas. Called Chloe for her birthday on our way back home. Finished our mangoes. 


The Temptations of Saint Anthony, Michelangelo, Joos Van Craesbeek.
Rabo Karabekian’s unwavering band of light. 221, Breakfast of Champions.
Pearl legs. Five full fathoms thy father lies.
Fleet Foxes and Yeats. Bedouin dress. 


May 1, 2023
First of May, spring rain. Woke up and walked to class. Ate with Michael Moran at Baker. Caught up with Isabelle on the A level. Security guarding at the ISAC. The Flaming Lips this Friday? Sat down with Judy again in the reg. Submitted our apes assignment. Accepted Sunshine Action’s offer. Ran into Gabby at Baker and had dinner. Walked back under her umbrella. To be a worm. This girl. Drafted a coolcat. Tuscan pane and gorgonzola and yada yada. 


Snippet: Windowshopped alternate lives at the museum. To be a Mayan living near apocalypse, societal collapse in thirty. Or a shop owner in the 80’s Caribbean. Dad, shame that we only had this life. Leave us this beautiful memory of the balcony. 愛回家.


Song: Home by Phillips Phillips. 


April 30, 2023
Got the Sunshine Action internship! Called Mom and Dad. Could be a cool summer. Return to activity. Applied to Trott. Feeling productive. Godland next Saturday at DocFilms. Finished our apes. Went swimming. Ate with Sophia at Baker. Two plates of Kosher rice, beef and beans. Walked back to ihouse via 56th. Called JF. Write our apes papers ahead of time. A day saved.


Snippet: “To not need a kingdom is in itself a massive kingdom.” Seneca, Thyestes. How willing are you to take on arbitrary systems of thought, to mark yourself as a man of the cloth? Found ourselves desiring some flagellation for our god. Come unto me, as Jesus said.


Money as an instrument of change JFMG


April 29, 2023
Woke up, took with us a piece of bread. Met Ryan outside  Took the metra. Went to the field museum. A high school jazz band played in the main hall. Battlehymn of the Republic. Noah, Kylan, and Scarlett. The Ancient Americas. Visited the 80’s Caribbean. Sat down in a Maori meeting house. Lamb burger and fries. Chimichurri. Returned to ihouse and played some ping pong with Ryan. Body Ritual Among the Nacirema. Met Ruka at Hutch. Hung out with Alec. Camden got us some allergy meds. Acquired some strawberry jam and a mango mochi from bartmart. Maybe we’ll watch some fleabag. 


Meditation on a visit to the Field Museum: Blue morpho butterflies, copal amber, Speak, Memory, Nabokov. 


Snippet: The Inuit hunted with clubs carved in the shape of fish. They believed that the fish allowed themselves to be taken, and that their spirits, released after death, would return to their original forms if treated with respect.


April 28, 2023
Ran into Juliette Ortiz at Cathey. Grinded on our exoplanets problem set. Two meal swipes at Hutch. Rice and curry paste. Talked to Joe. Resumed our exoplanets grind on the floor of Reynold’s. Submitted our work. Sat down with Asa on one of the Reynolds tables. Soul-selling. Monkey King 1986. 六小龄童, family dynasty. Went to the CUSA tea-tasting event. Met David and Dichao. Intro to Buddhism, the shattering of a normative worldview and other forms of perception. Claire committed to UChicago. Yunnan flower cakes. Osmanthus tea. Primordial shifts with Isaiah and Maanav. Walked home. 


Wake up early tomorrow. Big cleaning, laundry, sheets, sorting, vacuum. Reconstruct entry.
Lawyers are a societal lubricant. 


April 27, 2022
Woke up early. Took the route along Dorchester down to 56th. In the summer, we were fleet foxes. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Moved to the A level. Napped. Finished Kingdom of Heaven in an alcove. Had lunch at Baker with Joe. Ran into Bill, Adrian, Josie and people quadding. Life of the every-man: the pursuit of coolness. Thrifted a pair of green pants from the Stuart basement. Sort our clothes into heaps when we get back. Ate at Cathey. Interviewed when we got back. Cambodia trip. Last soccer game, one man down, think we played our heart out. Reach out to Ruka.


The professor showed us images of chimpanzee sex. 


April 26, 2022
Woke up. Grabbed food at Baker. Survived our exoplanets midterm. Dropped by the reg. Visited the book exhibition. A bombyx mori cocoon—the first books were made of cloth. Wellapalooza on the quad. Ran into Elijah. Hungry hungry hippos, inflatable obstacle course. Played a game of twisters with Chandra, Ingrid, and Josie. Ran into Jack. Walked with Leena to Logan cafe. The max p conundrum, a Myth of Er situation. Bought mangos and bread at Jewel-osco. Mango man. Walked back to ihouse and took a fat nap. Went out into the night for a two-miler. Feasted. Taking this return to activity thing seriously. 


Objects of Interest:
Aldus Manutius’ σπευδε βραδεως. 
Telescopic peepshows
Torinoko from shirakaba.
Specimens of Diverse Characters
Wolf Vostell’s Betonbuch, a book of concrete


April 25, 2022
Woodlawn marathon. Plugged in. Sat down with Jack. Good vibes. Went back to ihouse and took a nap. Worked out of the fifth floor lounge. White winter hymnal, you goated song. Grabbed some saucy porka from Judy at Ida. Gunshots by the reg. Judy helped read over our paper in the Stuart cubicles. Submitted our paper. Stay winning. Chicago, the Second City.


Cream by Haruki Murakami. 
Pupa’s bigger on the inside,


April 24, 2022
Grabbed food at Woodlawn. Light bulb fixed. Watched Mrs. Davis. Gathered ourselves. Went for a swim. Walked along Dorchester down to 56th. Redbuds growing out of the wood. The pretty houses in Hyde park. Ran into Emily at the pool. Had dinner at Baker. Walked back listening to 1950. Calm night. Spotted an Exeter bumper sticker on a parked van. 


Coolcat: Once in a Burger king moon. Beware too careful a curation 
We should never be too far from the water. In emulation of a newborn. 


Song: 1950 by King Princess 


April 23, 2022
Grind out. We’ll be done today. Had bread and cheese for breakfast. Watched Minari. Got an extension on our poli-sci paper. Made noodles. Udon from Tiffins. Sent in our application for Sunshine Action. Showered. 30 days till end of freshman year. Go get breakfast tomorrow.


Dreamt that school was in London and that the buildings on the quad led out to the street. A gathering storm at dusk. The uber driver took us up a big tree via a spiral car park, where we took shelter from the rain. 


April 22, 2022
Breakfast at Woodlawn. Contemplated going to watch the cherry blossoms, stayed in instead. Find something interesting to do over the summer. Call Anne maybe. Learn from Erin. Solar Opposites marathon. Have to write our poli-sci paper. Cleaned our room a little. Vacuum. Slavoj Zizek goes hard. Grabbed dinner from Woodlawn. East Chicago, Indiana. Cave aged blue cheese. Take today as a day of rest. Going hard tomorrow. Rocky Aoki, founder of Hibachi, what a legend. 


In the spring, the patch that grows over the dead dog is always a little bit brighter. 


April 21, 2022
Stayed in. Have to find a solution to our allergies. Felt awful, a really lazy day. Hay fever? Made a Walgreens and Trader Joes trip. Blueberry goat cheese log on Tuscan pane. Yum. Watched more episodes of Solar Opposites. Molly the mouse, cow-steed, desert camel, nourishing vehicle. Brushed our teeth. 


The poverty of human imagination.
Beekeeping. 


Dreamt that we were two kids in the dark in front of an open fridge. Scallions in a jar of garlic oil, saran-wrapped. Woke up and thought Chloe’s arms were around us, turned around to find nothing.


April 20, 2022
Cut our hair. Submit to Sliced Bread. Sent Grace our metcalf info. Jack came over to pick up his sleeping bag. Met Veronica, Ginny and Adam outside of the reg. Excursion to Chinatown. Happy lamb hot pot. Acquired Claritin. Went to our lab section. Grabbed a quick dinner at Woodlawn before hurrying to the David Rubenstein forum. Watched a storm pass by glass windows. Mary Beard signed tote bag. House auction. 30 for shirt and hat. Walked back to ihouse with Bill Baker. Strongin forfeited, played soccer with men of no allegiance—mercenaries. Walked back home with Will Foster. 


Snippet: The age of disjointed narratives because atomic power rendered murder senseless—because god is dead. 


Notes from a Mary Beard lecture:
The carbonized remains of an Egyptian cake. Ranuccio Bianchi Bandinelli. Cassius Dio’s suppressed laugh via laurel leaf, Commodus, and the severed head of an ostrich. Cartoons at the Bar of Salvius. The blue-glovification of the past. Pompeii pieced together, reconstructions of plaster—two lovers placed together in collagic street scenes. Louis Macneice, irredeemable heterosexual, the British Museum Reading Room.


April 19, 2022
Goofy-ah day. Had raspberries at Cathey. Reviewed and took our exoplanets exam. Kingdom of Heaven. Tuna bread. Met with Katie. Wrote our cover letter. Submitted our gradient of a scallion UChicago essay prompt, see if they’ll take it. Sent in our materials to the Our Hong Kong Foundation. Went to Lumen Christi. On the subject of friendship. Eggplant hummus. Murderous night, our eyes!


Experiment of ephemerality,
Leave our lips a sumerian echo—
Utnapishtim the faraway,
Ferried our virulent infantile dreams. 


April 18, 2022
Put on a screen protector. Ate at Baker with Andre and Alexander. Visited the Smart Museum. Gorilla fingers. Reached out to the Our Hong Kong Foundation. Meeting Katie tomorrow. Talked with Olivia about Survivor. Might be our last day in the game. Bulgogi beef and sweet potatoes at Woodlawn. Stopped by Harris. Went back to IHouse to nap. Made a Hail Mary. Sent Olivia and Pablo a wall of text. Kyle a thanos-level threat. Grabbed Grace’s extra vote. Suited up. We come into this world naked, but we can choose how to leave it. Devoured a mango.


Find our ecological niche in the literary ecosystem. 


Objects of interest: Robert Crumb’s A Short History of America, a Mesopotamian stone tablet. kintsugi amalgam, cedar box of three wishbones placed in a bed of felt, Mark Rothko.


April 17, 2022
Slept way over. Claire’s coming next year. Walked to the 59th street metra station. Stayed in the waiting room. A Japanese scene. Worked on our polisci essay on Rawls. Light snow, freezing again as we travelled downtown. Stones embedded on the walls of the tribune tower. Got ourselves some chocolate covered raisins. The AMC near Grand. Phone fixed. Took shelter in the Gleacher center. Took the shuttle back. Dinner at Woodlawn. Lifted back with Aidan. Slept.


April 16, 2022
Highland breeze, rising wind, grass green as we crossed the Midway. Cold. Had a Woodlawn breakfast. Phone malfunctioned. Legs very sore. Called Indigo briefly. Reconstructed yesterday’s entry. Backed up our pictures onto the laptop. Visit the Apple store on Michigan ave tomorrow. Watched Quantumania, a gelatinous universe. Had salmon at Baker for lunch. Worked on our exoplanets lab at Pret. Walked back with Sophia and Erin in the dark. Had an udon at Tiffins. Something vampiric, Gabby in an Edward Munch painting, 1895. 


Riot last night near Millenium park, hundreds of youths took to the streets, smashing car windows, prompting police response.


April 15, 2022
Woke up and walked to Cathey. Met Ryan there, who gave us a C-10 blue pill. Bacon on the go. Took the bus to the red line, then boarded the 213. Corn on a cob buildings in downtown Chicago, appropriate snacks for Pacific Rim Kaiju. On the L, trees forked like lightning outside Belmont. Escaped the city for the townhouses in Evanston. Games of stone-face on the 213. Broccoli Palace. Arrived at the Chicago Botanic Garden. Visitor center. Seeds for Tiger Paw Aster and Shishito Peppers. Entered the greenery. Pendula Norway spruce draped brick terraces. A big fish in the pond. Bethlehem sage, and lamb ears! Wide fluffy mint. The faint smell of Virginia bluebells, lemony magnolias. Herbals on teas in the Regenstein. The tropical greenhouse of cacao and dendrobium orchids. The bloated roots of a desert rose and variegated devil’s backbone. Water features and wishing pennies. Had a craving for froyo back out in the heat. Sunshower. Walked around the Japanese garden. Bumblebee nestled in the pistil of a Nanking cherry. Stellar magnolias! Sweet sweet scent of a Japanese plum, prunus mume. Clouds. The Linnaeus sculpture, the princeps botanicorum plucking from a rosebush. Firefly lamps with butt-lights. Stopped in Cermak-Chinatown on our way back. Had bitter-melon with beef and grabbed pastries from a Hong Kong bakery. Still night. Sat outside the reg for a bit before returning to ihouse. Called Cindy. Downed a peach tea in the windswept night. Doc Film’s playing Pacific Rim in 3D on Thursday.


April 14, 2023
Sent Robert off. Had breakfast at Woodlawn before our Polisci discussion. The Kepler Orrery III. Submitted our Astro pset in the A level. Salmon at Baker. Hung out on the quad. Bernadette! Old books at special collections. Medieval codices, Yerkes logbooks, and Chandrasekhar’s notebooks—they said he’d drive 90 minutes down to the university to teach two students. The Earth, no wandering star. Galilean dreams. Took a big nap. Grabbed a Dama rice bowl at Tiffins. Ran, went for a five miler up and down the midway. Had two Virgil’s craft vanilla sodas. Jesus wept. Visiting the Chicago Botanic garden with Ryan tomorrow.


The indentations of letters, hand-set, on cotton and linen, not pulp, they called the bite of the type. 


Little blue flowers growing out of the grass
we’d pick their stems and suck on them
like sweet lemons, we’d chew and spit
As the magnolias, their wide-white petals,
Reach towards us like fingers. 


Snippet: Last Sunday, the sun, archetype of resurrection, artificer of memory lent us dreams, past and pastoral, packed in frozen cream. And we said hollow lover, bringer of atomic fire, make us fish, so that we may swim in your summer shimmer. Or make us fly, so that with kaleidoscope eyes, we may be matters of transience, masters of subservience… 


Song: Bernadette by Reina del Cid. 


April 13, 2023
Overslept! Missed our moon watching. Woke up and texted Ryan. Dropped by Ida on our way to campus. A parent recognized us from our time in Berlin. Acquired a bucket hat from Ryan Kim. Had breakfast at Baker. Yogurt man. Met up with Ryan and Jay Tung. Minseo joined us at Baker. Talked about college. Guess the mock tea is spilling back home. Took our kids out quadding. Clancy played the guitar. Bucket hat frisbee. Went to our Apes lecture. Troglodytes. Caught up with Alex Valbuena. The Torment of St. Anthony. Informed that we had prospies, Nathan and Robert. Allergies. Bought Benadryl at Bartmart. Woodlawn. Off-off sketch at the Club Fair. Blue night. Soccer game. Jay Tung showed up. Showered and did our laundry. 


Notes from an Apes lecture:
Colugos, winged squirrels.
Siamangs and Gorilla nests.
Gary Larson’s far side comics
The curvature of our spine
A paradigm shift in evolution. 


Snippet: Sally the stripper came up with the best theory out of eight for what our primate ancestors did. They were not killer apes, they were timid foragers left at the mercy of the cruel world around them.


Doctrine: Exercise. Estrangement of the familiar. “He was softening his brain with alcohol. This was a substance produced by a tiny creature called yeast… they killed themselves by destroying their own environment with yeast shit” Vonnegut, Breakfast of Champions.


It should be easy to see, but the crux of the biscuit is the apostrophe. Chance encounter. Told a stranger in the Kerstyn bathroom that we were matching. He said his shirt was peach not pink.


Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots Part I
Andrew Jackson Jihad.


April 12, 2023
Woke up and walked to our Polisci lecture. Back to school. Show up to Apes tomorrow too. Butter for breakfast. Exoplanets, what a fountain! Alien astronomers on distant exoplanets. White canvas shorts. Le Soleil, Baudelaire. Climbed a tree on the quad with Veronica. Grabbed Indian at Hutch. Wandered ‘round. Sat in the Stuart cubicles and listened to music. Left for the quad. Volleyed with Audrey and friends. Three men in black shirts, canvas shorts met for Survivor. Two dragonflies in the evening, passing by Max P west en route to Ratner. Tread water and talked with Rick. Ran into Yuto in the locker room. Walked and talked with him, Ratner to Logan to Midway Mart to South. Jo said we’ve become the Orator in survivor. Murakami and Your Name. Jerk off and go to bed.


Alec asked us if coolcat was for art.
Sun tanning, tanning leather, man cows.


Snippet: The Eurasian Pole of Inaccessibility, so Ulysses finds himself in Urumqi, the name of the street we lived on as a kid. So long, so long, and miles still to go. Antipodes and long journeys, a world’s end in La Quiaca. 


April 11, 2023
Woke up. Ran into Clancy on the quad. Grabbed breakfast at Baker. Signed up to see Mary Beard. Followed Giancarlo out. An abundance of people and hammocks. Lemonade from Norton. Sat down briefly with Audrey and Meklet. Returned to Baker to meet with Pablo. Sunburnt! Settled in the reg A level. Talked to Judy. Went quadding some more. Tossed around a frisbee with Audrey and Meklet. Slept under a parasol. Grabbed a hutch dinner. Wopo. Fourth meal. Walked back with Louis and Clancy. Bygone eras.


Judy’s Recs
What We Talk About When We Talk About Love. 
The World According to Garp


5:00 AM Moon watching.


April 10, 2023
Slept in. Mystery of Love. Walked to Baker for breakfast. Settled in the reg. Went swimming. A return to fishdom. Ran into Alex and Leah at the intersection of Ratner. Leah said our hair resembled that of a Macaroni Penguin. Ran into Elijah at Baker. Stayed and hung out on the quad with Adrian and people. Have a whimsical eve, he said. Walked home, Idle day. Richard W. James’ Prelapsarian and Antediluvian, clothed monkeys of ceramic and cloth. Lizzy McAlpine, Michigander, see where the Maroon takes us. Vlog in Hong Kong this summer. Grabbed cuties for Gabby. Sat down by the Masaryk Statue and pushed her around on a skateboard. Smell of citrus. Blue-tongued by peeps as the sun fell close to the horizon. Gabby vampire bat. Zoomed Grace about our VC internship. Walked to Woodlawn and had a bite with Jack Monday. Stephen Fry and Christopher Hitchens. Arrived early to tribal. Farnsworth’s idol was a fake. Blindfolded for our challenge. Pablo and Olivia. Had fourth meal at Baker. Met Oliver, Farnsworth’s second cousin. Took a tour of Rishi’s room with Oliver and Clancy. Showered and went to bed.  


Dad, what a shame that we only had this life. 


Dreamt that we had dumplings in a Chinese restaurant and that college was awfully close to Chloe. Dropped by her Latin class. 


Song: Saturday Nights by Khalid. 


April 9, 2023
Easter sunday. Woke up and brushed our teeth. The Northeast megalopolis. America’s megaregions. Watched more of Freaks and Geeks. Butterdog. Played Codenames with Devin’s grandma. Smart ass, trivia. Feasted on rolls, glazed ham, and mashed potatoes. Introduced Devin and Sergio to 忌廉沟鲜奶. Golden afternoon in suburbia. Park bench, lilypad pond. Devin’s dad drove us home. Cried on the way back, like we did in Roy Baek’s car. Mistook a burger king sign for a rising moon. Jeg elsker deg. Left a cutie for Gabby when we got back. Had dinner at Tiffins with Sophia. Adan cleaned up the back of our hair. Agnus dei. Early sleep, rise up tomorrow. 


Snippet: Fox river grove and the ice cream truck we worked summers and scoops and scoops till elbows deep and a smidge of rocky road on your nose as you laugh and go for the maraschino cherries. 


Snippet: Passed a burger king moon on the interstate. Saw again the monstrous body of time in a faltering neon sign. 


April 8, 2023
Woke up. Had breakfast at Woodlawn with Noah. Czech this, Czech that. Walked to Cottage Grove with Devin and Sergio. Hopped on the green train. Read Confessions. The concrete celled buildings by Cermak McCormick. Ate at a Raising Cane's. Arrived at the Ogilvie transportation center. Underground market, kiddie train ride. Devin gave us a description of ghost in the graveyard. Fox River Grove. Got on a westbound train. Cityscape to flatland, barns, and silos. Devin’s brother Jonathan picked us up at Elburn. Basements and garages—changing definitions for a house on a hill. Devin drove us around DeKalb. The Egyptian Theater. Went for groceries at a HyVee. Milk and cream soda. Invest in a charcuterie board? A trip to Ollies, reminiscent of Uhlman’s and Stillwells. Devin bought us a black raspberry custard, with caramel and maraschino cherries as toppings. The afternoon sun, so close to the horizon. Had some sausages for dinner. Alternated between UFC and Hunger games. Peetah rizzed for the win. Took a shower and changed into some sleeping clothes. Slept. Izzy Adesanya, fortify your mind. 


Man in purple hat, two patches of owl eyes, embroidered yellow orbs.
DeKalb and Sycamore.
Owens Lane.


April 7, 2023
Dropped Mercer and Ammar off at Reynolds. Went to our polisci discussion. Dropped Macro. Lockean provisos and mushroom picking. Had a multiplate brunch at Cathey. Walked back and had a multi hour nap. Arms seem decently recovered. R2A; save this day. Limbo-esque. Called Aboo. A month and a half left of school? Tempus fugit. Watch Solar Opposites. Changed our spotify plan. Got Showtime. Chupa. Honey and walnuts. Going to Devin’s tomorrow for Easter.


Are we romancing? Are we dancing?
Drink only water. Abstain from dairy and sugar. Eat meals and not snacks. 


April 6, 2023
Woke up. Got dressed. Mallard in the lab school pond. Big bird by Rockefeller. Had noodles at Hutch with Fredric, Min and Abhir. Moved to the A level. Sat down with Devin. 逃跑计划. Grabbed a quick bite at Baker with Alex Fan. Sebastian got us a Mango Lassi from the A level vending machine. The astro crowd. Astro Boys. Picked up our prospies at Woodlawn—Mercer and Ammar. Took them to the club fair at Reynolds. Ran into Mason McCormack. Played Markovitz at Campus South. 4-5, war cry. Went to the Thompson study break. Learned to play exploding kittens. Devoured a salad. Took Mercer and Ammar out to Survivor. Full moon on the quad. Became a villain of the night. Returned and figured out sleeping logistics.


April 5, 2023
Laid in bed, our arms sufficiently sore. Walked to Woodlawn. Had a good convo with Jack Monday. Discussed our winter quarter cryptic coolcat, a record of our cerebral life. Questioned Pascal’s Wager. Your Hand by Paul Celan. Christopher Smart. Gilgamesh tonight. Might go play a hutch game. Grabbed lunch at Baker. Did a crossword puzzle with Alan’s friends. Walked to the reg, ran into Eric. More sightings of other survivor cast members as of late. Glitch in the A level milk tea vending machine. All for a dollar fifty! Walked past all the milk tea sprawled across Adan’s table after being informed by Bernardo. Moved to Saieh. Get more water in our system, abstain from milk. Drafted our first Chinese coolcat. Went to Gavin house for Gilgamesh. Breaking bread with the dead. Book well-inked, book well-loved. Grabbed a Dama rice bowl. Borrowed a sewing kit from Will and sewed up our pants. A copy of Augustine’s confessions. Helped Jasper with his MUN app. 


四月的雨有五月天的陪伴. Mayday, Jay Chou. 


Meta: Take our journal as a marination of the mind—a training ground for our writing. Thus take coolcat to be the collection and transformation of fragments into intelligible pieces. Took a look at Res-Gestae, our proto-proto-log. We were talking about 1 percent changes then. They happened. 


Notes from a conversation with Jack Monday: 
A schema for our March 1st Coolcat. Parable of the prodigal son, Jesus in the desert, heat death of the universe, Robert Frost’s Fire and Ice, Frank Sinatra’s The Impossible Dream (The Quest), Don Quixote, Manichaeism, bodies as cells, John 1:5, Hamlet, Oscar Wilde’s De Profundis, “Mad Ramblings” = “Fruit of the Barren” = “Truth in the Desert”, Iphigenia. 
Following a literary tradition from Catullus from Callimachus from the Bucolic poets, erudite, learned, concise. This mixed with the witty, referential, layered, cryptic nature of modernism, Joycean perhaps as in Finnegan’s Wake. 


We reach the same ideas through different avenues. The division of our consciousness, the inability for us to know each other, reached by the religious understanding of Manichaeism, by the gospel of John, but also by the Hard Problem of Consciousness.


Doctrine: A love for letters, writing for which purpose is self contained and expressed by the words “Dear —”. On a visit to the art institute with Anne in the fall, mused on Renaissance art and the orthodox iconography in which Jesus was really decrepit. Thought that these pieces were art made for a public purpose, whose religious meaning were well-contained and well-expressed. Something missing from modern art, because the personal purpose of the modern artist is often much too concealed behind the abstraction of their media. This opaqueness of modern art renders them, sadly, meaningless. 


In the south of France, in a yellow wallpapered room with a bed and an empty white bookshelf, we thought of death. Dreaded the horrible nothingness. Did not think of heaven, had no conception of god. We grew up godless. 


Woke up sufficiently sore today. Have been breaking our body every day now. Some sort of flagellation for our god. Something to mark ourselves as a man of the cloth. Monkhood was your suggestion (you thought of the bowl-cut Catholics, I thought of the bald-headed Tibetans). I took on both, but did nothing to my hair. 


April 4, 2023
Woke up at 6:40. Ran to Ratner in the rain. Love Scenario. Tribe swapped for Survivor. Traded yellow for purple. A rough rough game of Grab the Bacon. Wrestled Kyle. Played an Ender’s game for our 4 against 4 win. Had breakfast at breakfast with Grace, Pablo and Olivia. Talked strategy and got to know them. Picked up our Prospie host T-shirt from Ryanne. Elevator’s been broken for two days now. Working out of the third floor lounge. Compose our second reflection? Ran into Clancy. Followed him to lunch at Baker. Went on an idol search near the “Gates of Victory.” Brief stay at Harper Cafe. Picked up a copy of Gilgamesh from Gavin House. Returned to ihouse and vacuumed. Thomas Pynchon. Review for Macro. Napped. Woken up by a fire alarm. Borrowed Sophia’s green jacket. Went to dinner with Mikey, Jack and Dellara. Walked back to ihouse. Mikey, Mikey, Mikey. Worked on our Exos lab report. Nessun Dorma in the shower. Read Gilgamesh under a lamplight. Nimrod and the tower of Babel. 


Memento: Till from my bones my flesh be hacked. Break every bone in our body. Chisel ourselves out of marble. 


On Survivor: Play an honest and open strategy. Stay passive but reach out. Stay in the loop. Let aggressive players make their moves and seem untrustworthy. Make alliances and keep them secret. Find people in moments of need—be willing to reach out even to people who seem to be your enemies. Make yourself real, a person and not a player, and people will come. Loyalty is universally respected and excused. 


Said to Oia: When we realized we were going to be Wilkin’s RA, the feeling of shaking someone’s hand and thinking yeah, you're going to be my kid next year. And getting to do that to 100 people! 


Song: Love Scenario by Ikon. Flower Road by Big Bang. 


April 3, 2023
Showed up to our polisci lecture not yet awake. Had breakfast at Cathey with Mock. Orange pile. The word of the day is syzygy. Excelsior. Longfellow’s poems. Visit Sacred Miracle Cave! Venus, bringer of Dawn, Eosphorus, Lucifer. Dreams of Proxima Centauri. Had a poke bowl at hutch. Jonathan informed us of a meal swipe glitch. Sat down in a chair on the Rosenwald quad. Spoke to Adam, a prospie from New York about Chicago. Thompsin hose. People watching. Moved to Harper. Sat down at Harper Cafe with Rachel and Emily. Tae stopped by. Procrustes’ bed. Peruvian lilies in a vase. Laugh of the Javelinas, hairy pigs of the American Southwest. The Tradition by Jericho Brown. Lost our swipe after our Macro lecture. Hope we’re not a face hanging from a glass. Went on a wild goose chase. Walked back with Sophia. Grabbed a change of clothes. Fratelli tutti. Headed to Hutch amidst the faint smell of blossoms. Got a swipe replacement at the reg. Early dinner at Baker. Milk and cookies with the POP people. Moved to the Reg and took a nap on the second floor by a circle of couches. Went to the pool and got a couple laps in. Inner tube water polo. Hard to keep afloat in those yellow donuts. Left early for Tribal council. No shade in the shadow of the cross, Sufjan Stevens on the first floor of Cobb. Voted Jules out. Ran back in the rain to beating hearts. Left some spicy pork for tomorrow to make with eggs. 


Evangelion! Evangelion! Subscribe ourselves to arbitrary systems of belief. Take on Pascal's wager, though a variation on a theme.


Doctrine: We count years not from birth, but backwards from death. We seem old not on account of our age, but our fear of death as it approaches it. 


Meta: People and places. Rivers and roads. Entomology and etymology. Our fascination with moths, with cocoons, with transformation and magic. Polysyndeton! Asyndeton! Our journal entries, Stephen Daedelus-esque, a growing mind, a living text. 


Song: Beating Hearts by Paige and Nikki, via Atypical. 


April 2, 2023
Put our laundry in. Grabbed breakfast at Woodlawn with Zofie. Reconstructed yesterday’s entry. Drafted a monstrous coolcat in the third floor lounge. Jules Breton’s Song of the Lark. What is a lark? Walked out into the afternoon sun. I think we danced, on a recommendation from Isabella. Perfect day for quadding. Caught a football across the quad, classic college moment, though we knew Ryan and Alan, and asked them to throw it. Grabbed dinner at Baker with Erin, Sophia and Zofie. Had a mochi donut at the boba place by North. The friendship paradox. Walked back with Sophia and sat by the Masaryk statue for a little while. Napped. Take a shower. Grabbed a crispy Jumbo wing from Tiffins. Called Jasper. Had our Floridian Avocado. It looked like a big egg with its pit exposed.


Coolcat: We appropriated the Vonnegut quote: “Here we are, Mr. Pilgrim, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.” Before learning that it was about the horrors of war, we put honey in place of tree sap—thought of amber not as moments inevitably preserved, but moments grateful to be preserved. We continue in our appropriation. A real joy reading Vonnegut lately, realized it is a sort of echolalia. We borrow things we like from the people around us and become similar. So we’ve taken on a love of the midwest and the City of Big Shoulders—via Clancy, via Anne, via Vonnegut. I will not forget, on a drive back from Indianapolis, the slow moon rising over the blue night. And passing a wind farm, how the night concealed the white turbines so that their red blinking lights formed waves in the distance… Via, via, via, which of course means roads.


Promise ourselves this. We will only write about real events, people, and visions from god.
Song: I Think We Danced (But I Can’t Be Sure) by itsjustrand.


April 1, 2023
Woke up. Felt the rain chilled earth. 宋冬野. Met Jack Monday and Rohan at Woodlawn. A literal etymology for money laundering. Clancy and Aidan. Worked on a crossword puzzle waiting for the bus. Four point plays! Arrived in Chinatown via the red-line. Rick joined us at the restaurant. Numbing szechuan spice. Had the intestines and chilled chicken noodles. Cormac McCarthy’s The Road. The heart is a fist wrapped in blood. Stopped at the Asian grocers. Large bottles of Calpis. Walked to Clancy’s house in lakeview, behind the Big Jewel. Chicago classics. Watched Birdman in Clancy’s basement. Song of Solomon? San Diego State buzzer beater. Had Indian for dinner with Steven and Abby. Headed out in the blue night. Took an uber back. City of dreams. Went to Max P to watch Puss in Boots and an episode of Seinfeld. Vulvic flora. Walked back to ihouse under the cover of night.


Dreamt that we were in an Italian town, Pergamo (?). Lofty ceiling in the museum foyer, Roman room, train station. Saw an exhibit of red. Red carpet, gold sheathed rubies in glass cases. Left the museum and rejoined the tour group. Meteoric night, the sky was cleaved in two. We picked up loose stones in the town square. 


March 31, 2023
Went to our poli-sci discussion section in the morning. Had breakfast with Isabella at Baker. Sat in the A level with Thomas and Lauren. Thomas’ adventures. Nice warm day out. Had a quick lunch at Baker. Bernie Sander on campus. Ran into Sebastian on the A level. Submitted our exoplanets homework. Went on the hunt for Bernie. Did some quadding. Left Ingrid in front of the reg. Walked to Hyde Park Produce. Artisan bread, floridian avocado, black plum and gorgonzola. Wondering if the plum would kill us. William Carlos Williams. Took the shuttle back to ihouse. The calm before the storm. Gorgonzola and honey on bread. Shuttled to Ratner. Swam. Ran into Hudson. Two plates of spaghetti at Baker. Temporary shelter at the reg. Walked back to ihouse. Lincoln made us a paper cutout of the letter E at Tiffins. Called Claire. 


When it rains here, it smells like the sea.


March 30, 2023
Met Ryan at breakfast. El Atardecer, the Marias. Sat down with Mimi and Zofie. Moved to the Stuart cubicles. Ran into Kobi. Cooking account. Drifted, we’re a drifter, drifting man. Gyttja, partial decay of peat. Mind-composed a coolcat on our way to Baker. It’s just been so nice recently. Ate at Baker. Jesenia. Soccer stuff. Thompson Gregs and Impostors. Sebastian, all our problems solved. Man is the goat. Kaan and Leo Lab partners. Drew the sun on a chalkboard. Made scale models of our solar system. Lettuce wraps at Cathey. Went back home and napped before our game. Went up against Wallert at South Field. Clancy as Connor Blake, and Sebastian as Aidan Coleman. Goalied. 6-2 Dub. The planets of TRAPPIST-1 have determined masses.


Prompt: Oscar’s Isberian Rugs. Rug-hitman service. Convenient body disposal—and cleaning!
Meta: Went on a deep dive through past entries. Call us this word nibbler, mind dweller. Two years on this log in a little more than a week. 


Meditation on exiting the pool: Exhaust the lungs. Stress the organism. Emulate the cry of a newborn. Beg, beg God for breath so that we remember how precious life is. 


March 29, 2023
Slept in. Met the mock people at breakfast. Started snowing out. Walked to Hinds for our exoplanets lecture. King asleep in the mountain—Motif D1960.2. The Bachelor wikipedia page. Grabbed lunch with Tae. Short lines at the Halal station because of Ramadan. God-awful sinks in the Harper 2nd floor bathroom. Settled in a Stuart cubicle. Sent out our soccer email. We ball. Mary Beard’s coming to town. Hopped out of our econ class to catch some sleep. The afternoon sun. Slow roving train over the bridge like some sort of Japanese scene. Made noodles. Worked in the Fifth floor lounge. Golden hour. Get our handle back on Econ. Went swimming. The day can always be saved. Devoured some Jumbo Wings at Tiffins with Devin. Ubermensch. 


Called back to life by a reel: Rise young warrior, you must get up. “The Quest” Teen Titans, Episode 41.


Song: Flower Moon by Vampire Weekend.


March 28, 2023
Three AM Math Dub, A and future insured. Slept in till 9. Woke up. Got dressed and walked to Woodlawn. Greek yogurt and bananas. Great time talking to Emberlynn. A culture of public writing and general mock tomfoolery. Woodlawn photo-op. I love big dairy. Ran into Alan on the way to the reg. Settled in the Ekhart library. Did no work! Wild Hunt—Motif E501. Called Eric about Survivor. Moved to the Reg. Devin. Met Alex Torres at the bookstore. Plot-changing conversation? Grabbed a quick dinner at Baker. Went to wopo. Body sore, build up our stamina.  Ghost Riders in the Sky. Walked over to Cobb. A little bird kept us safe from Tribal. The politics of a cup game. Lost the challenge but acquired an immunity idol. Stealth. Called Eric, we have a buddy. Liquify the tree sap. 


Snippet: Bored in math, so we invented a game of morphonyms. Take a word, add one letter, drop one, change one, or switch two until it resembles another word. I give you thus: Frog-frag-rag-rage-cage-cave. 


Alternative game of morphonyms: Thor’s Father, Odin, gave his eye at the root of the world tree. Sigmund Freud would say Odin castrated himself. Unlike Odin, Attis did castrate himself for Cybele. He gave his blood and body to her because he was Unworthy of (Her) Love. Unworthiness makes Taxi Drivers kill presidents, or try to—at least. 


Song: Cupid Twin Version (Sped Up)


March 27, 2023
Woke up and walked to our poli-sci lecture. Sat next to Jack Martinez. Elijah’s in the class. The Incredulity of Saint Thomas. Had breakfast at Cathey with Mock. Tomatoes and eggs. Copernican epicycles. Had lunch with Ryan and Olivia Rae. Ran into Maya. Settling into patterns. Carl Sandburg, the Wilderness. Chicago to New York. Met Sophia outside of Harper. Wandered by Saieh then walked back home. Made noodles again, three eggs. Rested. Headed out into the blue night in the direction of Ratner. Breaking the surface of water. Walked back home. Always some pair (of lovers perhaps) standing outside the reg, the end of some conversation, an unwillingness to let go. Look out! Had cake while waiting for our Kung Pao Jumbo Wings. Regain our invincibility?


Illusions of grandeur or shall we rise from the grave? Resurrection, Easter.
Jeff from Survivor is really Jeff, some sort of ultimate commitment to the bit. 


Snippet: A la Vonnegut’s Breakfast of Champions. Luminated sphere like a harvest moon rising over a blue night. Tumbleweed rolling over the flat, flat land. 


Song: All That and More (Sailboat) by Rainbow Kitten Surprise. 


March 26, 2023
Brushed our teeth. Polished our shoes. Headed out from ihouse. Sat down and had breakfast with Jacinta in Woodlawn. Lumen Christi. Settled in a Stuart cubicle. Kafka’s letters to Milena. A voice cries out in the wilderness. Read more of Vonnegut, Kilgore Trout. Played hangman with Ryan. Tread water and swam at Ratner. Had mango and greek yogurt at Baker. Walked with Clancy and Bill. Was hailing out. Drenched when we arrived in Woodlawn. Fog turned into a sunshower. Radiant afternoon sun. Ate with Fredric. Cookie no fortune followed by package no cookie. Slow rolling clouds. Picturesque! Evidence of god.


The red digits above the pool. Swimming, an exercise of regimented time. 
We fear he who gives us life, because we cannot bear to look at him. The sun, the son.


Amalgam: Last night, lost sight,
Men’s eyes fell upon his plight
(A boy lost his eyes.)
Friday afternoon we walked out into the sun
And I thought of the golden fibers of your irises. 
My god, I said, it’s you.
So nice that you’re here
And so nice that you don’t care. 


Katabasis into the solitude of night. Our fever, hellfire. 


March 25, 2023
Woke up. Had some cuties before wopo. Team brunch. Frozen fruits and cream. Walked back and did our laundry. Gotta grab ourselves a sewing kit for our green pants. Walked to Woodlawn. Ended up having butter chicken with Noah and Saul. Returned home and picked up our laundry. Peter Brugel the Elder’s Netherlandish Proverbs. The Fleet Foxes cover. Head out into the sun. Used Olivia Rae’s swipe to get a poke bowl. Sat next to Bill for theater 24. You, me, her, fish, uncle! Spectacular. Celebration of theater. Lyfted back home with Mitchell and went to sleep. Vigorous in spirit, but sore in body—the flesh is weak but the spirit is willing!


If our eyes make us villains, I, Tiresias. 
Midnight we sat outside Kimbarks. The buzzing LED’s. 


Snippet: The afternoon sun, straight on, bathed us in light. Perhaps a serendipity of astronomy, or perhaps, my dear, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy. 


March 24, 2023
Grabbed a Tiffins breakfast. Big exam in the afternoon. Figure out integration by parts udv=uv-vdu. Figure out trig subs. Sang on our way to Cobb. Isabella’s in our political theory discussion. People hate Rawls, but he’s our homie. Went to Cathey with Isabella and Ben. Dopamine detox. 蓝莲花. Feeling like a red-haired home say young from Squid Game. Mark of the covenant. Settled in a Stuart cubicle. Ran into Tommy. Macro discussion canceled—earned ourselves another hour. Met with Sergio. Got ourselves some buns from the May bunraiser. Took our math final at Ekhart. Went to Target with Gabby. Bought eggs and cuties. Came back. Hung out with Mikey and Dellara. Made noodles, twin yolks! Swam, tread water to build up our stamina. Reg, the always safe haven. Returned to IHouse, sat in Tiffins with Emily and Giancarlo. Had a mango agua fresca. Went to Dylan’s party with Dellara and Jack. Drunk matt. Moved to the Max P Function, Hatunction. Walked back with Clancy and Bill Baker.


Dream Song:
The golden fibers of your irises
In twin suns are made golden fires


Meditation: How neat it is that we are here in this cultural temporal niche where we read Shakespeare and listen to Saint Motel—and other people do too?


Snippet: Phantasmorgasm of fever. Repeated bouts of religious fervor. As if some rebirth, change in speech patterns. Rejuvenation of spring. A look through the pinhole afforded by a baptism of water and bleach. The golden hairs upon our head. 


March 23, 2023
Ray filmed us taking a shower fully clothed. Had breakfast with Gabby at Baker. Talked about odd mammals. Some animal with two horns protruding from its face. Settled in the reg. Worked on math with Rohan. Baker with Celina. Corned beef, cabbage, spilled the beans. Worked on some more math at the Reg. Moved to sink an 8-ball at Hallowed Grounds. Dyed our hair at Eric’s. Bleach concern. Lyfted to BJ’s. Flag Okara. Ran into Elijah. Scooted across Harper. Launch of our rap career. Had dinner at Cathey with Ryan. Signed in for outdoor soccer. Review for math. 


我们会胜利 叫我们幸存家
什么都会干 不怕草泥马
世界第一联邦 叫我们 O’ka’ra!
Sheesh. 


March 22, 2023
Woke up to a cool fog. Review for math before today and tomorrow. Finished Slaughterhouse Five. Traversed the moon-like ruins of Dresden. Pareto optimality—a no-sum game. Had breakfast with Ben, Jack and Emily. Had exoplanets with Tae. Read the Gospel of John. Galilee and Gallifrey. Lunch with Audrey, Asa and Meklet. No predator, think we’re prey. Settled in the Stuart Cubicles. Ran into Judy. Heaven sent, Doctor Who. John Donne to Yeats. Spend tomorrow reviewing for math. Spoke to Grace Brown about survivor plans. Ate at Baker with Bill Baker and people. Berealed. Played Chess with Adrien. Nat out at Tribal. Micro-scav. Visited Eric’s place. Ran odd errands with Eric. Wore seven jackets from Crown to Woodlawn. Returned at 1:00 after various ventures on the quad. 


When he hath tried me 
I shall come forth as gold—Job


Snippet: John Donne’s Devotions upon Emergent Occasions! How in days of sickness last winter we thought of mortality. Little sleep roused the soul to appreciate good health. The hallucinations!—imagined that our body was a precarious vehicle with a need for balance. As if some space ship suspended upon our sheets. 


Memento: Stay unproblematic. 


March 21, 2023
Had breakfast at Woodlawn with Zofie. Moved to Harper. Abstain from music. Ran into Ginny at Harper. Had lunch at Cathay with Ryan. Mid-life crises. Sat down in a Stuart cubicle with Ryan and Judy. The secret life of Walter Mitty. Apes class sad. Walked back home and napped. Have some self discipline. Write! Nacreous polar stratospheric clouds! Had dinner at Woodlawn. Ate with Alec. Iced tea with lemons, little delights. Showed up to wopo. Donned headgear for a scrimmage. Lyfted back with Louis. Listened to Clancy play guitar. Joseph and his hot wheels collection. A map of New York.


Spot the white winged moth,
The silver-tipped cocoon. 
All are born tonight under the moon.


The human resource has become expendable. Ryan said, this is a silly life. 
These dying impulses of an electric brain. How we suffer these little deaths. 


Judy Song Recs:
Maggie Rogers. Falling water. Love you for a long time.
Leon Bridges. River. Beyond. 


Do not call Gibbons great apes.


March 20, 2023
Woke up early for Survivor. Head out in the early morning. Tribe Okara. Had a blueberry muffin at pret. Mock people in our poli-sci class. Real filler episode lecture. Read more of Slaughterhouse-Five. Switched into Macroeconomics. Settled down in Harper. Finished our Exoplanets homework. Had lunch at Baker. Talked to Alex Fan about Mostafa calling. A middle school vice presidential election and the 30 seconds that saved us, because people started believing. Had macro, caught our bug bounties. Ran into Gabby crossing 57th. Played pool with Clancy. Napped back in ihouse. Sent out our soccer email. Sat down with Oia at Hutch. Met with Eric. Big plans. Swam. Had dinner at Baker with Emily. The North Life. Took a lyft back. Helped Jasper with his proctor app. 


Social sciences research 122. The hundred year old wooden room, with Mediterranean blue. 


Meditation on Vonnegut: Billy Pilgrim, Christ Figure? Billy Goat, Agnus Dei.
Pilgrim from peregrinus, meaning traveler, foreigner. 


Giordano Bruno believed in an infinite number of other worlds like Earth that host life, and that the solar system was the basic unit of the Universe. These beliefs were likely derived from his pantheism. 


Abstain from music. 
Nymph, in thy orisons, be all my sins remembered. 
What a piece of work is a man!


March 19, 2023
Flying back to Chicago. Haunting of Hill House. Emailed Seraphina about taking our math final this week. Survivor Chicago, the game is afoot. Arrived at Bradley. Three hours until we lift off. Rotating orange fenced radar under the purple rolling clouds. Met Zayd and shared a lyft back to campus. Did some cleaning. Slept.


In good bithynia, I saw you last.
Full fathom five thy father lies.
What rough beast slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?


March 18, 2023
Apes! Flight. Watched Stardust. Long train home. All’alba vincerò! How we subsisted off fleet foxes finals week. The sun is in your eyes. Whole foods bathed in violet streetlights. Reconstructed the past couple of days.


Coolcat tagline: Spring lover, moon lover, this moment in amber type of deal, gratitude for the little infinities.


Big cleaning when we get back to Chicago. 
Change and put our sheets in the laundry.
Throw out paper from our cupboard. 
Reset everything in our wardrobes. 


March 17, 2023
Porphyrios the purple whale. Did 20 pushups. Midnight Mass was a great show. Caught the train to Milan. Mercato Centrale. Lampredotto’s man. Il Duomo. Thrifted a nice jacket. Saw Milan’s old fort. Visited a grocery store. Gorgonzola cheese and oranges for dinner.


Snippet: The bronze gates of Il Duomo
Copper platina on reliefs of Jesus
Noli me tangere, but with ankles polished.


March 16, 2023
Woke up early to visit the Uffizi. Over 190 types of flora in Botticelli’s primavera. Think back to the Buddhist mural at the Met, what is art’s sake? Italian folktales—Gerusalemme Liberata di Torquato Tasso. Armida by Cecco Bravo. Focaccia sandwiches all'Antico Vinaio. Hiked to see Florence upon a hill. Returned to the airbnb and napped. Asked for directions in italian: mi scusa, dove mercator centrale? Listened to Maroon 5’s Daylight and started missing school dances violently. Our last dance, hitting up the dance floor at NJCL. Frats are a poor facsimile. When were we last submerged in the pure ecstasy of each other?


Snippet: At the intersection of Florentine streets, a dome of emerald and marble. Sea-green, cerulean in the morning wind. Then the uffizi, the poets, dante petrarch boccaccio, encased in marble. Pillars made their sarcophagi. Ecce!


Objects of Interest:
Stories from the Lives of the Holy Fathers in the Desert (Thebaid) by Beato Angelico
The Battle of San Romano by Paolo Uccello


Prompt: Golden ape at the rubble fort. Red faced primate. Palm frond. Sunset.


March 15, 2023
Left early to catch the train to Florence. Bravado. Igualmente. Friendly Italian vecchio. San Francisco by the Mowglis. Approaching the gentle green hills of the Italian countryside, the little brick houses and the fields of green. Florentine flowers. Paramore. Bookstore! Mango toucans on a magazine cover. The Italians are fans of Murakami. Found Calvino’s books in Italian, no surprise. Checked into our airbnb. What if the frescoes were painted on? Had a mean seafood spaghetti at Zaza’s. Tuscan cuisine. Pulled up to Dante’s place, walked around his Florence. Would love a sick red cap. Gelato crema come una volta. 


Snippet: Scene of the mind. Nightfall. An Arizona shopping mall parking lot. You in a loose black jacket. Wind and neon cacti. Summer nights! From Grease.


Florence night scene
the stone church’s weathered faces
construct of memory 
eternity of night.


March 14, 2023
Two days now, leaving at 7, we have caught the Italian military men walking down the street in black berets, camo outfits tucked into black boots. High stone walls of the Vatican. Two thinkers over the protruding marble gate. The God Bes. Trip to the Ecumenical Council, 1972. They really put everything in the Vatican. In the Sistine Chapel, silencio silencio, no taking pictures, no talking. 


ΠΛΕΙΣΤΟΙ ΑΝΘΡΩΠΟΙ ΚΑΚΟΙ.


March 13, 2023
Morning brought by the sounds of two birds. Walked through the streets of Rome and stopped at a coffee shop down the alleyway of a church. An icon of Mary or the queen. The Colosseum bathed in daylight down the sunlight. White umbrella canopy over a thatch-weaved table. A salmon sandwich, a cup of cappuccino, and a glass of orange juice.


From our notes:


Rome, cobble street road
black tiled stones
the little green grass growing
through the tunnel to the 
fountain of marble
poseidon over the waves
his staff perhaps once a trident
two horses wrestled by satyrs
and an olive tree 
its fragile leaves
encased in soft marble


up the spanish steps
past a pine tree
to find the repurposed obelisk
calling some scene of the dead
and bird headed-horus


by a small fountain lie the last address 
of john keats


passed a pizzeria with its christmas decor persisting
thought these beige teddy bears hanging were made of marble


the pantheon popped up out of an alleyway
so we wound past the corinthian columns
to find the streaked marble
pentimento on pentimento, religion covering religion,
the solemn oculus of the marble dome 
contained our great silence 


six columns of varying erosion surround 
a circular stage. half a mural
compose an antique garden scene
where perhaps a satyrs soft pipes played


Thrift stores are where we put on funny hats and laugh.


Arena from harenae, because sand once covered the wooden floor of the Colosseum, now rotten away to reveal deep trenches. 


What I find really interesting about the ruins are the birds.


On a Roman night,
When a star falls
the coming wave rises to meet it
and in the immensity of love
the two are shattered into each other. 


Graffiti on old city walls,
as if one grew over another’s bones,
or a tree grew over another’s roots,
Just that the two are lovers.


March 12, 2023
Flew from Amsterdam to Rome. Took a bus to Termini station. The Roman Sun. Saw the building from Titus 1999—Palazzo della Civiltà Italiana. Rome meshed with its old ruins. Sunken garden, Colossus. Checked into our airbnb. Took a shower and cleaned up. Build our word count back up now. The earlier volta of an Italian sonnet. Dante in egg tempera. Napped on a soft beige couch. Read up on Italy and Rome.


“M'insegnavate come l'uom s'etterna” Inf.15.85
The ceiling of this Roman room, the etched tiles.


March 11, 2023
Woke up. Caught the train to Flushing. Met Chloe and Mom at a dim sum place in Flushing. Flew from JFK to Amsterdam. Still feverish and suffering. 


March 10, 2023
Woke up early in the morning to finish our Galaxies final paper. Packed and picked up our vans from millennium station. Lyfted to midway. Odyssey getting to New York. Took the train to Thomas’. EJ. Had a Horchata and a quesadilla from Los Tacos No.1. Watched Creed II and Catch Me If You Can with EJ. Fell asleep. 


March 9, 2023
Lost our head in San Francisco. Dwelled in the fifth floor lounge. Made tea for ourselves. Submitted our hum paper. Took some Tylenol. Cold sweat. Slept. 


March 8, 2023
Woke up at 6:00. Sunrise. Finished our artist statement for Hourglass. Chills. Cathey dweller. Sat down with Olivia Rae. Requested an incomplete for our math exam. 


Fever thoughts:
Love makes us poets,
Sickness makes us humble,
We are all conglomerates of thought,
Socrates was the last person who knew anything,
and he died a million gazillion years ago.


March 7, 2023
Burning up. The Burning Babe by Robert Southwell. Stumbled on Old Town Troy while working on our TAPs project. Made our TAPs recording. Feverish night.


Song: I Am the Antichrist to You by Kiri Bashi


March 6, 2023
Write write write. A D-Hall marathon. Stayed for 6 hours in Woodlawn. Picked up snacks from the homeroom. Sat with Sophia and Sumin at Tiffins. Cut our hair. Showered.


By the lake, 
the gentle rain clothes us 
and makes us whole.


March 5, 2023
Woke up and walked to Cathey. Had lunch with Ryan. Compiled songs, memories, and people. Big Yellow Taxi by Joni Mitchell. Beabadoobee. Threw a frisbee around with Giancarlo before our shoe ended up on a tree. Ordered new shoes. Pick up tomorrow at Michigan Avenue. Called Chloe. Went to Mock Trial dinner with Ben. The things of this world. Lyfted back. Called Jesalina. Showered. Called Gianluca.


We will get out of this week alive.
Some flagellation for our god. Have no attachment. Mark ourselves as a man of the cloth. 


Song: The Moon by the Microphones.


March 4, 2023
Woke up and showered. Meditated on Manichaeism. Listened to RADWIMPS. Arhon and Thomas Wang called us. Mergel Funsky day at the the Reynolds club. Copped two pairs of Mergel socks. Ate at Bart with Ray. A forest meal—mushrooms and lettuce. Sat on the floor of Reynolds as we caught up with Thomas. Early dinner at Hutch. Ran into Norton on the way back to ihouse. Talked to Ben in the homeroom. Got into Survivor.


Snippet: Can’t help but think about Jesus in the garden of Gethsemane. His closest apostles napping against the roots of the olive trees, though he asked them to pray. How alone he was in the moonlight! Embrace the pure light, and we will find salvation from this hollow prison of our flesh. 


Dream verse: 
Stranger, from across the bay,
good luck with thy woman make.
Let tears not flow from her face.


March 3, 2023
Sylvia Plath’s tale of a tub. Spring songs. Elevated our legs above a bed of pillows. Got dressed and walked to Woodlawn. Zone in and write. Met with Dan Moore over zoom. Snowing hard now. The sweet smell of paper. D-Hall marathon. Moved to Cathey. Sat in the fishbowl. Called Andrew out on the steps of BJ. Walked through the quad, the trees lit up like stars above our head. Listened to Tae sing acapella in Hutch.


Prompt: Two strangers, a diner, a snowstorm. 


Snippet: Laid on the steps of BJ and talked to Andrew about apocalypse. The song by Cigarettes After Sex, and the end scene of Flight Club. Writing here, truth be told, feels often like scrawling on the walls of some fallout shelter. 


Doctrine: On writing. In the age of telepathy, perhaps writing will seem a barbaric way of sharing our consciousness. As photography changed the paradigms of painting, we might find writing’s value not in the transparency of its lens but the translucence of its veil. 


Snippet: On last stands. What moves people to take on causes bound to fail? Did they know that dying would make them immortal?


Song: Montezuma by Fleet Foxes.


March 2, 2023
Woke up and walked to math. Seven against Thebes, the quest is always an impossible dream. Had lunch with taps Isabella at Bart. Settled on the A-level of the reg. Read Pale Fire. The miracle of a lemniscate. Parhelia, bookmarked at 25. Drifted around Bart with Leah. Sat with Adan and Chris. Met Jess for our date at Plein Air. Grabbed a hot chocolate and sat down in a corner. Showed up to wopo. Suffered a bad cramp. Went to fourth meal with Louis. Took a lyft home. 


Farewell to weth, if phantom fingers could scrawl on its walls the words “we were here”.
Know this is no art, we mean only to bare our heart so that it may be judged by the scales of eternal life. 


March 1, 2023
By the providence of a Cheesie’s truck, reacquainted with the smiley-faced grilled cheese we had met O-Week. Walked to Baker and had breakfast with Joe. Watched Titus. Grabbed lunch at Bart with Nicole and Yoo-bin. Went to galaxies. The Ekpyrotic universe. Reread De Profundis. Coolcatted. Met Sophia at Harper. Had dinner at Cathey before walking home. Golden hour, the sun on Rockefeller chapel. Took a nap. Return of the prodigal son. Coolcatted. Annalisa shared with us the playlist from our Fay day retreat. Called Claire. To bed now.


Coolcat:
 I. Some years ago, I left for the wilderness and squandered my living. It wasn’t until I was far from home that I found the land barren. Father, I say, can I come home now? I am poor and tired and have nothing in my pocket, but I will tell you what I have found in the desert


II. Monday and Wednesdays I sit in a dark room and watch images of galaxies and nebulas. Some say the world will end in fire, some say in ice. Current estimates say the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light—the ones who say ice are right. To catch each other is to travel faster and faster still. The quest is always an impossible dream, will we take it up? 


III. When I think of us, I think of little cells and little windows where the lights go out sometimes. We are not in the dark often, but when we are, we look for the light in open windows. It is not that there is not enough light, or that windows are hard to open. I hope this is the case


IV. My son, you say, what are these mad ramblings? You aren’t making any sense. Look at how chapped your lips are, let’s get you some water.I take the bowl from you and drink, so enterprises of great pith and movement lose the name of action. But the taste of the fruit of the barren still linger on my lips. 


V. On the way to school among the grad students exiting the 59th street metra station, I walk past the kids in the lab school. In the mornings and afternoons to and fro school their hands are clutched in their fathers. No mind the lost and the wretched, someone just tell god to spare the children.


VI. It is said that the sea washes away the ills of men. There is no sea here but I feel its breeze already. Thought I caught two seagulls outside of North this morning. We offer thus De Profundis.


Song: Fallin’ All in You by Shawn Mendes.


February 28, 20232 
Woke up and submitted our math HW. Take today easy. Finish Titus Andronicus. Got up and ate at Woodlawn. Hung out with Richard and Isabella in the Homeroom, then the third floor lounge. Called Holden. Responded to the Exonian about quotes for Clark’s senior of the week article. Had jumbo wings. Read about Octopuses. Caught up with Mikey. Swam, and glad we swam. Fueled up on fourth meal. Ali called us a lyft home.


February 27, 2023
Walked outside and thought we were home. The morning air sank around us. Seagulls outside of North. Watched Titus 1999. Took our galaxies Quiz. Grabbed some Greek Yogurt and walked home. Write our Hum draft during class. Spanish boots of spanish leather. The lament of Frederico Garcia Lorca. Khalil Gibran. Had dinner down at Tiffins. Spicy pork Dama Bowl. DId some pull-ups. Read the Prophet. Called Chloe. Borrowed swim goggles from Gabby. 


Stop motion, the perfection of a freeze frame. 
Last summer I lived alone, and in the nights would run in the streets and come upon the woods.
We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep.
Your blood and my blood is naught but the sap that feeds the tree of heaven.


February 26, 2023
Had a quick drink at Baker. Interviewed for Yuen. Stopped by the A-level. Called Dr. Powley. Grabbed a sandwich at Bart before heading home. Slept. Finished Wakanda Forever. Left for Woodlawn. Josh and Val and their food platter. Dropped by Bart with mock trial people. House council, Mark and Aidan. North dream?


February 25, 2023
Woke up. Washed our face. On a quixotic beat. Had breakfast at Woodlawn before walking over to BJ. Had a quick chat with Tyrone, the desk manager. Spoke with Marvin and Bianca about Linn-Mathews. Settled in the reg. Interviewed for D-Nik with Joe and Cristi. Ran into Anamelia on the A-Level. Moved to Hutch. Submitted our math homework. Caught up with Adam Tuchler. Grabbed dinner at Hutch with Aabir. Went to a student concert in Mandel Hall. Dvorak and Ravel. Started Wakanda Forever. 


Snippet: Saturday night. Sat down in Hutch with Abhir. An old man in a brown blazer joined us. A pediatrician in Little Village, he said he’d been practicing for 50 years. Went to foot school so he didn’t have to go to Vietnam. Told us he was in Hyde Park for the student orchestra. We asked him to tell us a story from when he was a boy. He said his dad was a Cadillac salesman. The company would give them a car every year and they’d head down to California in a Cadillac fleet. 4 days of driving. Driving down in New Mexico, on the two lane highway, they’d see fields of oil drills like trees. Money orgy, money orgy, he kept saying.


Doctrine: Perhaps very early on, writing—a how—became a what. The body that held the soul of thought became something worth investigating of its own. To state the essence of this body, we propose that writing holds a worm heart. Just as worm’s hearts are not one, but pulsing threads, the heart of literature lies not beyond, but within the beating of each word. For the connotations that words carry contain the necessary complexities that we call feeling. 


Memento: Show our vulnerability and people will come to us. 


February 24, 2023
No more destroyers of our body. 15 minutes of silence, bird noises on the way to Baker. Greek yogurt W. Went to Hum then our writing seminar. Radicalized. The boy draws a clockface on his wrist. Interviewed for Survivor. Watched the Whale. Hutch closed, met Oia and Hannah at Bart. Hung out in Oia’s room and listened to music. Granola and galaxies. Probiotic sodas. Taxi Driver. Oia dropped us off at Noah’s. Borrowed Noah’s laptop to write and submit our performance analysis. Walked back to ihouse at 1:00. Snow blanketed the midway, our footprints in the fresh snow. 


Fall by the river and upon a bed of grass.


Snippet: Men have fought with blood and tears to claim little pieces of earth. Equal in arrogance, I seek to claim a little piece of your heart. Know this is no art, I am telling you how I feel—I am trying to convince you of my humanity. 


A 1.5 meter sphere appeared on Tuesday at Enshuhama Beach in Hamamatsu, Japan Police surrounded the area and cordoned off a perimeter of 200 meters until the type of metallic material was identified.—Reddit r/whatisthisthing


February 23, 2023
Bouts of optimism. Math Midterm W. Had breakfast with Leena. Four pyramids in a cube. Received another interview from Yuen. Talk to Charlotte and Zoe about the RHs we’re interviewing with. Submitted our Galaxy's homework. Had spicy pork down at Tiffins. Survivor research—Once Upon An Island. Did our laundry. Chloe.guacamole. Missing family a little. Don’t lose heart, that’s how we win. Taxi Driver. Cried to Everything Everywhere All at Once. Started the Whale.


Cranberry cinnamon roll, crimson heart. 
Prompt: 28 days, the lifespan of a housefly.


Snippet: Laying on the beanbag in the B-house basement. Past midnight, the lights white. Freaked out over cannibalism. Daniel convinced us that we were the same, and Will Park cried for us. Long night, the wind howled, too, outside the basement windows.


Song: Wading in Waist High Water by Fleet Foxes.


February 22, 2023
Alligator Sky. We’re back. Walked to Bart in the rain. Had lunch with Alex and Leah. Dropped a coolcat. D-Nik! Leaving the red dust behind, for dust you are, and to dust you shall return. Settled in the stacks of the reg. Caught up with Damien on the second floor of the reg. Outer banks. Read more of Vonnegut. Got dressed. Met Sophia down at Tiffins. Lyfted to the alumni event. Caught up with Norton. Odd odd moment. Adam Tuchler’s tie. Met Lucy Garberg’s boyfriend Daniel, who’s a med student. Went to Five Guys with Lucy, Daniel, Richard, DIana and Sophia. Had fries. Snuck in the backdoor of Jimmy’s. Erin and Oia, Luke and Eric from Blue Chips. Lyfted back home and went to bed. 


Found your mom’s instagram. 


Coolcat: Had a premonition (?) that Ash Wednesday was coming a couple weeks ago. Really feeling it this year. Some recent updates: We are applying to be an RA. Just received a couple interviews from houses, and we really need them to come through. Article on Moby Dick is out. Thankful for the duck that Marcus left us the past week. We miss Hong Kong Style Diners. The fourth-years on our hallway. Glad we talked to Thomas O'Shea. 


February 21, 2023
Bart breakfast with Leena. Catch up on work. The midday sun. Had lunch with Fredric and Hunter. Walked to Alumni house for our meeting with Beymer. Vonnegut. Scheduled a meeting with our career advisor. Lot’s wife. Spring and fall. Hung out at the A level before walking home. El atardecer, I was thinking of you then. Phone died. Asked strangers for their sunsets. Interview from Linn-Mathews! Called Isabella outside of the reg. Shame to be on different wavelengths, ask again another sunny day. Build ourselves back up. Ash Wednesday. 


Snippet: Walking past Saieh, crossing the corner of Booth. Pink dusk. Windows gleamed of apocalypse. Radiant fire, like the red of a car’s tail light leaking onto the asphalt. Empires on fire. 


February 20, 2023
Woke up. Had breakfast at Baker. Went to Hum. Sans-souci. Talked to Bill about Midsommar. Took the metra on 57th. Picked up our new mac. The carbide and carbon building. Ferris Bueller. Took the metra back to school. Went to our TAPs class. Ate at Cathey with Phoebe and Isabella. Took a lyft back. Migrated to our new mac. Get back to writing. Take good care of our mac.


Snippet: Si tus ojos fueran el cielo, y tu boca el mar, quisiera ser el atardecer para besarte cada día.


Podcast: Human interest. Like the murals on the metra station by 57th. 


February 19, 2023
Called JF when we woke up at 8:00. Ran into Olivia Rae on the way to Bart. Sat down with Hunter. Pass the 8 ball game back. Walked to Cathey. Sat down with Richard and met Isabella. The impossible dream. Met with Ryan. Back to the reg stacks. R2R2A. Submitted our quick writing. Golden hour. Travelled the waste land—the fisher king. Had two bowls of beef chili at Bart before going back home. Felt profoundly sad. People aren’t very good at communicating. Stopped by Sophia’s. Daydream Believer. Showered. Go swim tomorrow morning. Damn, broke our laptop. 


Update our resume with USCRIG + Cake Shop Capital.
“From his head she made locks flow in curls like the hyacinth flower” Odyssey 23.


Memento: Called JF today. Asked him if there were kids our age he could talk to. Yes, he said, but they didn’t share the same sense of urgency about life. Perhaps this was what we had lost. It's about being principled, always knowing what you’re doing and who you’re doing it for. Thomas Wang told him some time ago. 


Song: Daydream Believer by the Monkees.


February 18, 2023
Dad called at 10:00. Another two hours. Free my shade from this hollow prison of my flesh. Thought about Matt Clemson. Drew the blinds and fell asleep again to Amazing Grace. What if some freak accident. Woke up and went to the RA meet and greet. Master rizzler, weasler. A rendition of bella sicomme un angel. Walked back to ihouse. Put our sheets in the laundry and vacuumed our room. Stopped by the mock trial scrimmage en route to hutch. Caught up with Katie about the post-mock trial. Midnight in Paris as we walked towards Hutch. Ended up crashing the Afro-Caribbean culture show. Sat down with Adan. The wild drumming of African beats. Took a break after intermission. Met Isabella outside of Max P. Ate at pret and walked her back. Ran into Bryan and Indelicarto—apparent suitmates. Played smash with them and Matteo in Max P East. Our wounded bird rizz may be too strong. Went to Bernardo’s. Charcuterie board. Stayed in and called Amber. 


Did you know your hands were digging into my back? 


February 17, 2023
Early morning, snow on the midway. Went swimming with Mark. Put in the work for our IM meet. Baker type of morning. Finished Titus Andronicus. Aaron, Thoughtless Cruelty. Settled in the reg after lunch at Bart. Figured out pre-reg. Get ahead on our work. Dark mater, dark mother. Submitted our survivor app. Yuul vs Ozzie. The class consciousness in You. Took the shuttle bus to Bart, felt the haziness and clarity of an early morning. Read Norwegian wood. Arrived to find no fourth meal. Walked back and had Kung Pao chicken wings instead. Talked to Victoria down at Tiffins. Ended up in Victoria’s room in Woodlawn with Isaac and Bernardo etc. Sat in a corner until we lyfted to lambda. Ran into the Exeter contingent. Moved to Sig Chi. Ran into Isabella. Went back home with Sophia, I-Hunction part II. Connor, Richard, Clancy, Lucas and Gabby. Went to bed. 


Snippet: The snow reflected the sun and made the world gentle. Albedo, not to be confused with asbestos, which we feared in the popcorn ceilings of our youth. Scraped clean now, covered over with white. Passed the quad with a towel wrapped like a shawl—the wind formed mere echoes. The shrubbery shivered in ripples. Where to espouse our philosophy among these shadows?


No time for vagaries—can I be close to you?
Song: Bloom by the Paper Kites. 


February 16, 2023
Woke up in the early morning. Lost our hearts this winter in three feet of snow that never came. Math midterm. Get shoes. Midterm was a little rough. Had lunch with Fredric, Abhir, and Ashton. That Hong Kong rizz. Limbo-esque day. Sat in the stacks, then ate at Bart. Something died perhaps. Took the long way home. Slept. Had dinner at Tiffins. Caught up with Rishi and Richard. Asked Sophia to be our girlfriend. Marcus got us some duck. 


Snippet: I ask for the clemency granted to the unrequited, for they are lovers nonetheless. I have been walking so long now, and just need a rest. Amazing Grace, can’t you see I’m just trying to get home. A little white dog barking at us on the street, the old lady holding its leash. She smiles as if to say I’m sorry. Let it rain, while the child's hands are still clutched in their father’s. The ice crunching under our soles, the heart we lose (now and again we do) in the snow.


Last February overlooking the Squamscott, I wished that you were angry at me. 


Dreamt that we were in the backseat again traveling to another tournament. It was raining hard this time as we rounded a mountain. Mountain fog of our youth. 


February 15, 2023
The amber of this moment. Breakfast at Baker. Greek yogurt. Aaron the Moor in Titus Andronicus. Had lunch with Bill at Bart. Vonnegut’s Slaughterhouse 5. Prep for our math midterm tomorrow. Bumped into Isabella at Hutch. The Waste Land by T.S Eliot. John Green’s paper towns. Explained Galaxy problems at the A-Level. We are the ones who knock. Walked back home to ihouse and napped. Kung Pao Jumbo Wings and Salmon rolls. Sat down with Zofie and Sophia. A catastrophic derailment in Ohio.


Snippet: The wind howling again on the sidewalk. Here in the amber of the moment—the hour of infinite hope and awakening. Approach again the peak from which we have fallen. Let us do no more of this winding thing that coils and strangles us. Say we are leaving the paper towns behind.


Alas my lord, I have killed but a fly


February 14, 2023
Register an insta for Powley. Had breakfast with Leena. Leena told us we reminded her of Holden Caulfield. America by Simon and Garfunkel. Night Owls this Thursday. Banshees of Inisherin. In the age of supernovas and mass extinction events. Photos of Shanghai. Caught up with Alex Valbuena at lunch. Ran into Gabby in the Stuart Cubicles. Walked her to Cobb. Huddled up in the basement of Gates-Blake. The dirty white tunneled walls and red pipes. Midway in the journey of our lives. Went to our lab. Had dinner at Bart with Nicole and the TJ kids. Was raining quietly on our walk back home. 


Dreamt that we were married and had children. You had a daughter and I had two sons. We were out on the grass under a summer canopy.


Song: Sober to Death by Car Seat Headrest. 


February 13, 2023
Picked up our laundry. Had breakfast at Baker. Titus Andronicus. The Woods in Act 2. Join the Dean’s Men in the spring? Fill out our survivor app. Ubloo creepypasta. Elephant dream god. Do our pre-reg. Figure out our course planning for an Econ major. Had dinner at Cathey with Hunter. Walked back to ihouse. To shave or not to shave? Slept. 


Snippet: There’s this guy who lives down the hall, paces down the hallway sometimes. His eyes look like he’s going to give out at any moment. Walks as if something drags him forward. He’s nice though. Curious thing—never says good when you ask how are you. Alright, doing ok, but never good. 


February 12, 2023
Slow down. Breakfast at Bart. Gratitude. Wandered in the reg stacks, lights kept turning on while we were finding some dark place to lay down. 温柔的夜. Went to Mock practice. Toby Dick. Lost to Keller, but showed that even gods can bleed. Nice day out. Worked in the Stuart cubicles with Elijah, Olivia Rae, Ben and Isabelle. Did Laundry. Mom and Dad called. Showered. Published a coolcat. Called Annalisa briefly.


There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
Song: Drunk Drivers/Killer Whales by Car Seat Headrest.


February 11, 2023
Hooked on a feeling. Had breakfast at Bart with Mitchell. Settled in a cubicle in the reg. Locus suspectus—an uncanny place. W on our Thyestes performance. Hutch with Isabella and Alex Valbuena. Talked on the stairs opposite Hallowed Grounds. Met with Jerry. Saturday night meal swipe with Sergio and Devin. Cried in Sophia's room. Went to Fen at the court theater. Drank milk tea. Downed Kung Pao Jumbo Wings with Isaac and Elijah. 


Give me another night, give me another fever.


February 10, 2023
Headed to Baker for breakfast. Rehearsed with Bill. Showtime, downed a bottle of gatorade for Thyestes. What is this agitation that roils my intestines? Had lunch with Val at Bart. Returned to IHouse. Canyon Moon. Karaoke in the bathroom. Logged onto our writing seminar. Aphra Behn. A room of one’s own. Submitted our Mock stack survey. Talked to Aidan en route to the midway ice rink. Aymane, a savage on the ice. Had dinner with Zofie and Sophia. Went to Henry’s room in BJ then Juli’s apartment. Sent Isabella off to her uber. Pulled up to Alpha Delt with Mock Trial. Ended up staying up in Jack’s room in South with Tae. Lifted back at 2:00. Feverish night. 


The body informs thought.


February 9, 2023
Woke up at 7:00. Walked to Ratner in the rain. Swam. Choked on a little water. Tasha at the health center.  Rest and relax. Visited the Ekhart library. Took headshot for and submitted our O-Team application. Be the Heckler. Match against Keller this Sunday. Had lunch with Fredric. Gravity falls theme. Settled again in our cubicle. Do our work. Reconnected with Maile on LinkedIn. Ideas for Thyestes, will they come to fruition? Met Bill down at Tiffins. Titus was Born. Had Tofu stew. Plotted out Thyestes. Recorded Atreus’ lines. Watched You with Sophia and Erin. Retrieved a cardboard box from recycling. Made three heads. Borrowed tape from Sophia. We’re fumbling. Stopped by House geoguessr. 


Candida tibi soles, Toby. 
Memento: Always reach out. Always communicate. Remember no social cost. 
Song: The Night We Met by Lord Huron.


February 8, 2023
Wrote and sent in our RA app. Michael Moran joined us for breakfast. Had our RA interview with Rich. Chill Weekend? Had lunch at Bart. Did our Galaxies quiz. The room upstairs by the bathroom—a collection of African masks. Went back home and napped. Not feeling the best. Jasper called. Showered and finished Intergalactic. Went to sleep early. 


Fate leads the willing but drags the reluctant—Seneca
This is not a thing of time or circumstance. We are here, we are alive, and we are real. 


February 7, 2023
Woke up and submitted our math homework. With Mock season over, get back to R2A. Walked with Clancy to Ekhart. Had lunch with Alex Fan and Robert. Sat in the reg. Scheduled our RA interview for tomorrow. Napped on the couches. Took a tour of old places on Google maps. Ate at Bart with Mikey. Filmed a video for Clark. Went to our lab. Vroom vroom. Had dinner at Bart. Walked home. Took a nap. Talked to Mark about RAing. Returned Tae’s blazer. Had some Jumbo Wings. Watched Arrested Development and went to bed. 


It was not a mimicry of organic life, but a construction of a different reality.


February 6, 2023
Woke up and typed up our Moby Dick analysis. Sent Professor Fenley an email. Wrote to Coach Sam. Seneca’s Medea. Look at the bees, how life perpetuates life. Had lunch at Bartlett. Cream of mushroom soup. Sat with Alec, caught up with Nikhil. Skipped out on Galaxies to get some rest. Got back our Hum paper before TAPS, another W. Fen and Vonnegut’s Hocus Pocus. Marxist thought. Had dinner with Emberlynn and Hunter at Cathey. Had a second dinner at Woodlawn with Rohan. Think we’re stumbling. Jasper called. 


Uhlmans and Stillwells. Where’s the ice cream place here? 
Memento: Check in with people. Always express gratitude.


February 5, 2023
Woke up at 6:30. Packed. Left our Exeter sweatshirt at a McDonalds—Iowa will have a piece of New Hampshire. Closed by-busting. Pulled a damning 702 on the opposing side’s Heisman. Morgan Felder clutches the edge of his seat. Team won the last bid. Had a snowball fight with Sam and Ethan. Lunch at Culvers. Spicy chicken sandwich and a caramel concrete mixer. Played hide and seek in the world’s largest truck stop. Sunset on I-80. The cake-like moon over Iowan fields, the bluest night. Pablo Neruda’s Love Sonnet XI. Stopped for dinner at Buffalo Wild Wings. Fried pickles and Carolina reaper wings. Coach Sam can take the heat. Kevin Tong called. Do you remember when we took our shirts off? 1980s Horror Film. Got dropped off at IHouse. Ran into Jack Archer, Dellara and Clancy down at Tiffins. Missed the I-Hunction over the weekend. Characters of UChicago. Walked with Clancy to Bartmart for milk. Saieh in the night. Lesbian love songs. Catullus 63, giving up the life root for a religious love. Surrendered to sweet sleep. 


When we were just two freaking out on some motel stairs. 


February 4, 2023
Woke up early in the morning. Sam fixed our hair at breakfast with some water. Potatoes with pepper. Fought hard Round 1. Voir dired, round 2 got sloppy. Some tears for the end of our last round. Tired. Had dinner at Culvers with the rest of Sam’s car. Frozen lake. Talked to Isabella in the hallway. Green sweatshirt, khakis, rested against the carpeted floor. Sophia called. Finished and submitted our theater writeup. Might go by-busting tomorrow. Our student ID got picked up. Put in edits on our Moby Dick article. Went to bed.


February 3, 2023
Did laundry. Woke up early. Lost our swipe picking up a suit from Tae. Made it to Reynolds for the car ride. Got a muffin from pret. Zoomed in to Hum on our car ride. Windmill land. Did not do homework. Read some more of Never Let Me Go. Had Wendy's at the world’s largest truck stop. Iowa, fields of opportunity. Sunset. Moscow, saw the Kremlin. Drake university. Timekept. Wild judge. Ran to tab in the cold. Team dinner at McDonalds. Love Ethan Donovan. Submitted our RA materials. Printed out our crosses in the La Quinta lobby. 


February 2, 2023
Showered. Had breakfast at Bart with Leena. Worked on our Galaxies homework during lecture. Had lunch with Fredric. Settled into a reg cubicle. Worked. Ran our crosses with JT. So good. Went back and napped. 


February 1, 2023
Slept in. Our hum class, what a wild ride. Talked to Stephen. Went to galaxies. Supernova threats to our existence. Settled into a reg cubicle. Submitted our Maroon article. Moved to the A level for our Galaxies lab. Had fourth meal with Carter and Ali. Slept early.


Prompt: Giants living in a time scale imperceptible are revealed by images captured every millenia, the stars are dust upon His forehead.


January 31, 2023
Submitted our math homework. Walked to Bart for breakfast. Cold. Sat down and caught up with Calabresi. Settled into a reg cubicle. Rid our eyes of dark circles. Sent Stephen an email. Worked on our Moby Dick article. Early dinner at Bart. Went to our new lab section. Jacob from Gallo. Mock practice. Logged in to our RA info session. Worked on our crosses with Steph and Ethan. Stayed till 9:40. The air had become hostile, cold to the point of suffocation.


Snippet of a Reg Bathroom: U-shaped toilet seat. Ribbed grooves of mammoth teeth. Smiles scrawled on ceramic tiles. 


January 30, 2023
Woke up at 4:00. Took the uber to SFO. Isabelle lent us a copy of Never Let Me Go to read on the plane. Bawled our eyes out, missing Hailsham. Acres of ploughed earth. So cold in Chicago, breaths visible. Stood outside the terminal with Harrison and Kody. Uber dropped us off at North. Ate at Bartlett. Went to our TAPs class. Babylon, Damien Chazelle. Had dinner with Emberlynn. Cleaned up. 


January 29, 2023
Woke up and walked to Berkeley. Clear skies. Got our 702 objections sustained twice—goated round. Had burgers, then met Adith by Sather gate. Sizzling plates, to our stomach’s content. Went to Adith’s apartment. To Your Eternity. Met Adith’s roommate Adam. Talked about Mock Trial. Returned and sat in on P side’s closing. Snuck out before closing ceremony to catch a look of the sunset. The golden gate bridge is real. Shared a sunset with Emmet from Kentucky. Had Thai for dinner. Bought bread from Trader Joes. Talked to Isabella on the motel stairs. Kissed her. A moment in San Francisco.


Relentless positivity. Chance of falling off today: 0%


January 28, 2023
Woke up at 7:00 to the Bay area fog. Walked to Berkeley’s campus with Henry. Dwinelle Hall. Lox schmear at the Bagel shop. Sampled Jewish cuisine. Fear is the mind killer, did our litany against fear with the other C team down the hallway. Stumbled our round but men of science fear us. Had chipotle for lunch. Watched the P round. The Berkeley clock tower. Ran into John Lee across the street. Texted Will Park. Had a fresh spring roll at a Vietnamese place. Fantastic. Joined in a Berkeley dance group practice. Ryan came over to the super 8. Rested.


January 27, 2023
Nick coming over this weekend. Drafted an email to Fernanda. Handed our keys to Erik. Picked up our laundry from the dryers. Went to Hum at 9:30. Ubered to O'Hare with Elijah and Isabella. Did our theater write-up on the plane. Read some of Calvino’s memos for the next Millennium. Slept. San Francisco! Sergio the Bartman. Olivia Rae saved us from an angry man. Met Love on the Bart. Arrived in Berkeley. Japanese houses. Hotel room mishaps. Checked into our super 8. Had torta for dinner. The flan! Went to sleep with Elijah. 


Hum planning: a “choose your adventure” but all choices lead to Thyestes eating his sons. The sinking of teeth into a bloody heart. Print out programs. 


We practice that Catullus 5 sorta rizz. 
The noetic realization that we live in a world superimposed upon this one. 


January 26, 2023
Woke up. Looked through our theorems. Took our math test. Dub? Had lunch at Bart. Sat in the A level. Submitted our galaxy's homework. Grinded on the galaxy's lab. Our spectacular image composites. Went to our lab. Recruited Sarthuk into our group. Love Fernanda. Went to mock. 


January 25, 2023
Grabbed breakfast downstairs. Walked outside to snow. Finish draft. Galaxies HW + Review for Math tomorrow. We’re surviving. Sat in North and wrote our essay. Cooking it up. Banger lines. Prep for our galaxies quiz. Submitted our hum essay. Carl Sagan. Finished our galaxies quiz. Sat in the A level. Grinded on galaxies. 


“Immersed in its heart of nuclear fire” Carl Sagan.
Aristotle’s eye beams resurrected in ray tracing. 


January 24, 2023
Submitted our gradescope. Hum essay day. Showered. Got dressed and headed to Bartlett. Had lunch with Chandra. Do Galaxies HW too. Settled into a 2nd floor Reg cubicle. Composing our hum essay is such a vibe. Fucking love the Oresteia. Eumenides a mock trial? Weekend at the super 8 at Berkeley. So pumped. Had dinner at Bart with Ethan, Ryan and Ellie. Jasper called. Mock practice. Had fourth meal at Cathey. Ryan called us a lyft home. 


Doctrine: On feminist literature. Really been straddling the line between feminism and misogyny. Wonder if rigid societal masculine/feminine conceptions push more people to identify as non-binary? 


January 23, 2023
Had breakfast with Alex Fan. Small small school. Plans to go hard on Thyestes. Fabula crepidata, Latin tragedies with Greeks. To be purified of the bloodguilt. Had lunch at Bart with Bill. Worked on our hum essay during galaxies. Bunraku puppetry—the servant-gods of theater. Made and manipulated a puppet with Emberlynn and Kai. Had dinner at Cathey with Isa and Phoebe. Walked back to ihouse with Simon and slept. Make a wellness appointment. Do math HW. Call wellness tomorrow and make an appointment. Be careful when doing our math. Finish Gradarius, do gradescope in the morning.


Unchanging except for the barely perceptible smoothing and roughening tides of breath imparted to his abandoned frame by the puppeteer, who, with the humility and absolute absorption of a stabat mater, devoted every atom of his attention through out those hours to maintaining the tenuous thread of the dying man’s illusionary life— Eve Sedgewick


Song: Ceilings by Lizzy McAlpine.


January 22, 2023
Slept in. Soccer match today. Went downstairs to Tiffins. Chinese New Year! Drafted our essay. Sat with Zofie’s friends from St. Louis and Sophia. Showed Clancy the scum manifesto. Went off to soccer. Professional heckling. Surround, encircle, devour. Another sweet sweet dub. Came back and showered. Got the extension on our essay for Wednesday. Love Tiffins and ihouse. What is best in life? Did our theater homework. Compartmentalize, we’re gonna finish this week alive. 


You were sleeping beside me. I pulled you in and asked if you could hear my heartbeat, the question in my head had yet to be uttered.


Coolcat: Going through one weird moment. Earpods dangling across the midway. Mr. Brightside. The inner scream. We are distinctly, unequivocally alive. Past couple of weeks have been great. Thanks for the green hills, for Navy Pier, for PT Anderson, for Moby Dick, for Avatar 2. Thank you for the A level alcoves. Thanks for Thompson soccer, for the sweet sweet taste of victory, and thanks for women.


Song: Issawa Style by H-Kane. 


January 21, 2023
Slept at 4:30, woke up at 6:40. Out of a wong-kar-wai movie. Walked our friend back to Woodlawn. Ran into Henry on the way to the Metra station. Train stations and hazy early mornings. The Palmer hotel. Staffed at the Great Chicago Fire. A muffin for breakfast. Wasn’t feeling well. Freaking out. Called Sophia. Ryan called us a lyft back. Took a long nap. Had a chicken katsu down at Tiffins with Clancy. Talked to Sophia. The sex lives of college girls in the third floor lounge. Sent Stephen another email. Watched the Menu with Giancarlo, Seth, Sean and Ryan. 


“We are but a frightened nanosecond”—the Menu.
Put some love into that cheeseburger.


Think, no… know now that we're conservative. Not religious but with the stereotypically religious sex-ed upbringing. Think Gabby really hurt us. 


January 20, 2023
Woke up in the hazy morning. Walked to Ratner. Swam. Maddie’s a lifeguard. Sore. Mitchell swiped us in at Bart. Thought we lost our ID Card. Was about to replace it when an email from Ratner came in. Had breakfast with Phil. Matthew Clemson was in our DC case. Tense moment in class over the Rape of Helen. Had lunch with Bill and Rohan. Moved to the Stuart cubicles for our writing seminar. Talked to Tommy about Avatar. Native American eco-ethics. Braiding sweet grass. Eywa, the ecosystem as one organism governed by one consciousness. Returned to ihouse and napped. Intergalactic. Lights off, spicy noodles and root beer. Some time alone. Took a nap. Aymane. Fortnite in the third floor lounge. Had a slice of matcha cake for Ryan Michaud’s birthday. Played ping pong downstairs with Aleksander from our writing seminar. Went to Lambda with Clancy and Rishi. Stepped outside of our comfort zone. 


January 19, 2023
Woke up at 10, walked to math. Suki Waterhouse. Had lunch with Fredric. The Thomas Grant meal, Chicken, Guac and Rice. Been eating Kosher these past weeks. The A level alcoves of the reg—a prime film-viewing experience. Looped Vale into watching Avatar 2 with us. Had dinner with Mateo at Bart. Felt slow at Mock practice. Shared our music with Isabella. Borrowed swim trunks from Ryan. Ran into Audrey, Jesenia and Vale in the Wendt common room. Talked with Erin at Tiffins. Played pool with Adan. Sleep! Rush tomorrow. 


Moby Dick and Avatar 2. Amrita, Tulkun spermaceti.
Scott L. Feld’s friendship paradox, visualizations of social networks.


Dreamt that we were back at Exeter. Tagged onto a cross country meet with Tendo and rode in Newbould’s car. Sunset as we traveled down the zig-zag steps of a mountain. Quickly moving before us, like shadow puppets, the tall red towers of some European town—Hamburg, we called it. Then when the sun had come up, to some other part of the city, two green banks of a river that we had walked along in some other dream. 


January 18, 2023
Had breakfast at Baker. Raghav’s putting us on a PD project. Had lunch at Bartlett. Helped translate for a lost food delivery man. Galaxies! Glass universe, stellar graveyards. Energy created by gravitational condensation. Visited Ryan in the reg. Swim trunks are not bathing suits. Submitted our galaxies homework in Tiffins. Changed and assumed the identity of a member of the press. Met Ryan at Woodlawn. Two cakes in our hands. Took the metra to the Studebaker theater. Wandered through the Chicago Fine Arts building. Ellen Van Volkenburg, a history of puppeteering. Manual lift operators. Sat on the balcony for Moby Dick. Bumped into professor Fenley. Green hair and a green beard. Snuck into the afterparty. T-Rex puppet. Had fourth meal at Cathy before lyfting back to ihouse.


Snippet: Midday outside of Bartlett, an old Chinese man, baseball-capped. Phone in one hand, takeout slopped the edges of his plastic bag. His red ringed eyes darting back and forth.


“Carried down alive to wondrous depths, strange shapes of the unwarped primal world.”
Slowly sinking, suffocating in the shrinking sphere of faux-intellectualism.


Moby Dick Notes:
Ahab intro, pant leg rolled up to reveal peg. Light on peg placed center stage with a thump.
Ahab desk scene gold. Objects thrown up in a suspension of gravity.
The desk thrown up. Ahab’s pushing and shoving of the human actors. 
The losing of the peg to reveal a bloody stump, then the ghost leg. 
Ahab loses the ghost leg, and the ghost leg starts moving like a whale
Ahab screams as the peg is attached back on him.
The peg, a constant reminder of Ahab’s loss, representation of his obsession.
Whenever he walks, the peg makes a sound.


Bassline and boss fight. Not just the size but the texture of the white whale.
The holes on the skin of this monstrous white whale. 
A silent-moving screen of the whale. Humongous scale, blinking eyes and the flapper.
Ribbed immense underside. Was in awe, should have ended there.


Dreamlike, illusory, the disembodied whale. Atmosphere was golden. 
Puppets mixed with lighting and projection. Not knowing if a thing was real or not.
Craft of puppetry. Chicago’s artistic pedigree. Challenge of condensing the plot.
Faithful to Melville’s language, but Ishmael monologues were a little bit too narrative
Did not get the emotional weight of the scene with Queequeg because of a lack of intro.
Wondered what it would be like if instead of trying to represent all the characters’ plotlines, adapted or even changed scenes to focus on one theme, like Ahab’s obsession.


January 17, 2023
Had breakfast at Bart with Will and Andre. Talked to Andre about startups. Go to galaxies office hours tomorrow. The Holder of Victory. Had lunch with Fredric. Took a nap in the reg. Moved to Mansueto with Clancy. Prodigal Son. Worked on our hum draft. Mitchell. Met with Sasha to go over galaxies. Had dinner with Ryan at Bart. Walked to practice with Ryan and Maya. Went to fourth meal with the team. Lyfted back to IHouse. Played pool. Lost to Clancy and beat Sal. 


Take the metra to Moby Dick tomorrow. Visit Dick’s sporting goods while we’re there.
Gun shots and two dogs laughing in the night. 


Snippet: Come spring, we set up a food stand outside of Bartlett. We’ll cook it up in the ihouse kitchen, and pack meals in paper boxes that we place in those carts we used during move-in. Put a tarp over the carts to keep the food warm as we wheel our meals out every morning.


January 16, 2023
About Time. Walked to Bart. The birth of a stone-cold playah. Reg closed for the day. Moved to Hutch. Death at Exeter. Indigo’s birthday. Ran into Mitchell Handsome. Isabella came and joined us. Sat down with Phil, Jeffrey and Don from Soule. Will Mohler. On arbitrariness. Grinded out our galaxy's homework with Sergio. Returned to ihouse. Went to Woodlawn with Clancy. Gunshots, not fireworks. Did our math homework in the third floor lounge. Giancarlo told us about a kid who killed himself at Lawrenceville. Smile dog. Checked in on our friends. 


The last person that knew anything was Socrates, and he died a million years ago. 
Song: The Less I Know the Better by Tame Impala


January 15, 2023
Woke up and showered. Cleaned our room. Went to Woodlawn with Clancy. An American consensus on whether burgers are sandwiches. Walked back via a diagonal. Prepped for our soccer match against Chen. Sweet sweet victory to the Thompson Gregs. Had a quick bite with Josh at Bart. Sat in the reg for a little bit. Returned to ihouse. Listened to Sparkle from Your Name. The inner scream. Weary but never broken. Rise above the red dust. 万事尽是红尘. Heat up Szechuan food for dinner. Return to goodness. House council meeting. Banana bread bonanza. Finished our theater writeup. Visited Isaac’s room. Watched Inherent Vice with Clancy in the Phoenix lounge. 


Song: 夜空中最亮的星 by 逃跑计划


January 14, 2023
Woke up and brushed our teeth. Met Anne at noon. Knocked on Sophia’s door. Had lunch with Anne at Lao Sze Chuan. Beef short-ribs and Mapo Tofu. Word Avalanches. Walked around Navy Pier, Big Anchor. Really nice day out. Anne drove us home. Sat down in Sophia’s room. Zofie came in. Went down to Tiffins and then to Hutch with Clancy. Got a poke bowl. Walked back with Clancy. Visited his room. An unlit cigarette between our teeth, the fault in our stars. All the vonnegut heads. Lyfted to the reg. Alexa gave us a tour of snitchcock. Second dinner in the Hitchcock kitchen. Sat down in the Reynolds club. Read Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Met Ryan and stood outside of Alpha Delt. Not our scene. Lyfted back to ihouse, played ping pong and cried. Called Ryan, then caught up with Jasper on the phone. 


Snippet: The gods giveth and taketh away! Jasper, the gods giveth and taketh away!
Think we’re going through some pretty severe Gabby withdrawal. 


January 13, 2023
Woke up and went downstairs for Kuvia. Walked to the point. Started snowing. Penguin huddles. Picked up breakfast and took a nap back at ihouse. Emerged from a long dream. Retrieved our phone charger and went to Greece and Rome. Sitcoms and Greek Tragedies: Critiques on Family. Had lunch with Fredric. First time at the pasta bar. Happy! Sat down in the reg. Long weekend. Ghost plants, colorless flowers. Chicago Chinatown research. Registered for an AMTA account. Returned to ihouse. Put our clothes in the launders. Went to watch Magnolia with Clancy. A PT Anderson film. It’s raining frogs. Respect the Cock. Went to Lambda with Clancy, Sal and others. Thomas Grant. Took a lyft back. Felt profoundly sad about Gabby. 


Coolcat these two weeks.
Is the pursuit of happiness? Do push ups. Order swim trunks.


January 12, 2023
Woke up at 5:40. Went to Kuvia with Clancy and Gabby. Took the diagonal en route to Crown. Think we’re uncomfortable with silence. Swing danced, followed, did not realize the roles were cross gender lines. Moved to Breakfast at Bart. Clancy bought us an iced tea at the Grounds of Being. Think we live the life of an ascetic—no alcohol, no drugs, no coffee. Hamlet and Orestes. Went to our math lecture, meditation time. Returned to ihouse to nap. Met Ryan at the Reg. Had dinner with Ryan and Ethan. The Pooh Pathology Test. Went to our lab section. Paper star on a yardstick. Rushed to mock practice, left our charger. Visited BJ afterwards. Went to Elijah’s room for cups. Long Island Iced Tea at Henry’s. Had raising canes from the BJ RDs. Elijah called us a lyft back. 


Ke Huy Quan. In Another Life Monologue, Everything Everywhere All At Once (2023)


Snippet of Clancy: The perfect ratio of hot men and sultry women on vintage posters. Riding the line between lecherous and questionable.


Snippet: Memories preserved in amber, fragments like insects caught in some awkward stance, sealed forever. So take this fragment: Night of Halloween. Went trick or treating. Came back and asked to cuddle with her cookie-monster onesie on—she took it off and tossed it at us. Fuzzy blue like a shag rug. 


January 11, 2023
Woke up. Had breakfast. Ran into Mikey and Matt. Galaxies study group. Sat down in the reg to type. Coolcat our weekend. Coordinated Soccer team news. Went to Hum. Talked with Tommy on the way out about Mock Trial. Gallo House is going down. Ate with Henry and Ben. Ran into Sergio and walked to Galaxies. The Law of Symmetrical Bathroom Placement. Spectroscopy: see oxygen on distant planets! Tracing the stars with film. The European Extremely Large Telescope. Visited the map room with Noah and Tallulah. The Peutinger table. Ferdinand Magellan. Left our keycard in the map room. Up and down sorta day. Had dinner with Ryan and Nick. Impact investing is not the party we thought it’d be. Sat down with Gabby at Tiffins and talked. Laughing isn’t conversation. Went out for a three miler. Inquired about pool hours.


In the dark, amidst the gentle swashing of the sea, a sailor looked up into the murky depths of the world beyond. 


January 10, 2023
Slept in. Submitted our gradescope. Took today off. Had lunch at Woodlawn with Jack Archer. Borrowed a charging cord from the reg. Went to Target for a charger. Ran into Mateo. Sat down with Judy in the reg. Read Agamemnon. Keep our heads up. Met with Jesenia at 4:30 at Cobb. Spooky talking doors. Went to Cathey for dinner. Mock merch. Went to bed.


Gained a recent understanding of Mr. Brightside,
But let shadows not be cast upon our W weekend.
Song: All These Things That I’ve Done by The Killers. 


January 9, 2023
Woke up at 2:30 for our flight. Reinstalled Bereal. Had our remaining avocado for breakfast. Sunrise over the rockies. Arrived back home in Chicago. Went straight to our theater class. Met Isaac. Had dinner with Emberlynn and Hunter at Cathey. Lyfted back to ihouse. Found our earphones. Met Gabby at Woodlawn. Oof. Think we severely misunderstood her. She gave us our jacket and we cried on the way back.


January 8, 2023
Woke up. Carried the case box. Got hash browns and a grilled cheese from Dunkin. Iced latte via Isabelle. Olivia Rae is so goated. Submitted our theater writeup. Wrote to Fenley. Adopted a god mindset for our cross. Almost won Spamta. Defense went 4:0. Torta for dinner. Sat out on the stairs waiting for Ryan and William to get back. Got some sleep. 


Trace the craters of the moon, the soft rind of a camembert.
Song: Mariposa by Peach Tree Rascals. 


January 7, 2023
Jitterbug! Ubered to UC Irvine. Went long on our Savchenko cross. Sampled Californian cuisine at In N Out. Succulent Bushes. Took a nap and talked to Elijah during the second half of P’s round. Ubered back to the motel 6 to change before heading to Huntington beach. Little fires and the sand. Ran with Ryan into the Pacific. Compliment circle on Jack’s uber back to the motel 6. Called Amber. Think we just like really pretty people. Hot political takes with Ryan. 


Blue knit cap and canvas shoes, hipster formal. 
“Do you have seasonal depression?”— L Californian. 
Custom made fortune cookies for W rizz. 
Californian flora: palm trees, birds of paradise, jade plants and succulent bushes.


Song: Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go by Wham!


January 6, 2023
Woke up at 3:30 and picked up our laundry. Lyfted to Max P in the dark. The wind. Ubered with the team to Midway. Flew. Read infinite jest on the plane. Descended into the colour blue. Jacinta and Mr. Wrong Number. Laid over in Las Vegas. The Rockies. Thomas and Isabelle on the plane to Santa Ana. Took Jack’s uber to the Irvine Spectrum center. Walked through the Village. The California sun! Had a very tomato lunch at California Pizza Kitchen. Maybe too happy. Fatigue caught up with us at the motel 6. Took a nap before dinner. Walked with William. The moon was luminous. Picked up avocados and bananas for free from the 99 cent store. Talked to Ryan. Slept. 


Ryan Sanghavi, a real Jasper-esque figure. 
Cyrano’s Voyage de la Lune
Literature as the joining of a universal consciousness. 


January 5, 2023
Met Fredric at Ratner. Ran into Oia on the stairmaster. Calc. Ate lunch with Fredric. Settled in the reg again to run our crosses with Sumin and Seth. Think we’ve got something down. An abundance of fruit flies. Studied objections. Moved to sit with Maya and Ryan. Had a quick meal at Cathey. Scrimmaged the A team. Sardines. Did our laundry and slept.


January 4, 2023
Ate breakfast at Cathey with Daniel. Sat in on TAPS. Puppeteer Internationale Basil Twist. Press pass came for Moby Dick. Had lunch at Bart with Bill, Clancy and people. Skip the snip. In awe of galaxies. Ran into Erin on our way to the reg. Followed Steph and Judy to Mock office hours. Ran our cross with Sam. Ended up in a meeting of UChicago impact investing. Serendipity. Sat down with Oia at Midway Mart. YK Pao and 1 degree of separation. Living the Pursuit of Happiness. Get to know Oia.


7-8 Captains meeting 
Get ready for Objections. `
Shower and refresh. 


Snippet: Meditation on galaxies: To look up and say “god, what are those things” and to know the immense darkness that holds galaxies together. Light stretches in an expanding universe, and time accelerates outside the event horizon of a black hole. Living in the final years of a star system in the galactic bulge, one sees a night sky alight with stars. 


January 3, 2023
Had breakfast with Shikai. Marbled vegetarian bacon? Chandra’s taking galaxies with us. Caught up with Fredric in Calc. Morphonym Exercise #27. Had lunch in Baker. Fireworks in Woodlawn, Armenian nationalist-extremists. Made our soccer deposit at Ratner. Settled in a corner of the Reg. Mock tonight. Music maps, the Lumineers. Going against the A-Team on Thursday, bring our A game. Bubbaloo, Mexican Bubblegum. Grabbed a takeout box before Mock. Yoke Lore. Walked back to IHouse with Elijah. Hung out with Clancy in Sal’s room. Mitchell Handsome. Don’t hurt ourselves over Gabby. 


Restore R2A, institute a habit tracker. 
Early class tomorrow. 9:30. 
Song: Jolene by Great Caesar. We’re leaving Ohio.


January 2, 2023
Slept in. Had breakfast with Lincoln and Bernardo, then Will and Saul. Watch geese take flight. David Foster Wallace, a fellow of infinite jest. Settled in the third floor lounge to knock out some agenda items while listening to some sweet tunes. Emberlynn’s in our TAPs class. Galaxies gave us a fright. Called Jesalina. Arhon called. Read through essays. Went to Woodlawn with Gabby, Orange fan. Watched Zoolander with Sumin, Seth, Giancarlo and Sophie in the third floor lounge. 


Dreaming and Interpreting
First Year Tibetan


January 1, 2023
Passed new years hunched up under the table with Chloe. Hit the ground running when we get back to school. Mock scrimmages on Tuesday and Thursday. George Michael is Michael Cera? Checked in at Bradley. Perks of Being a Wallflower type beat. Read through Holden’s essays with him. Did our theater readings on the plane. Objects reanimated in theater. Arrived in Chicago. Hitched a ride with Nicole and Ashley back to school. Lion King. Stayed up late talking with Clancy and Gabby. Met Ben from Chicago. Cut our hair. 


Thank god for music.  California, you great expansive discoscape.


Doctrine: A visualization of a sphere of causality. From the moment of one’s birth, mortality defines a finite realm of possibilities for one’s life. Thus possibilities emanate like vectors of different lengths from a center to form an oblong sphere—a shape of infinite density but finite volume. 


Coolcat: Love writing these things at airports, train stations, and bus stops. Like to think that something about transitions makes one pause and write. Been a huge believer lately in the possibilities within cutscenes, those moments where I swear we are infinite. Anyways, a big welcome to all you cool people from college, and thank you to everyone who made 2022 the best yet. To more pool playing, soccer dominating, cartoon watching, city venturing, mock trialing, and general trifling.


Snippet of a New Year’s Flight: Flying inland from Michigan inland, spiraling slowly over Chicago, field of Christmas lights. The slow moving interstate and the miniature houses. Through the window, a distant plane’s tail light flashes like a shooting star of parallel trajectory. 


All writers fight to stowaway in the mind of their readers. Philosophy of language.
Song: California by I Said Yes. 


December 31, 2022 Day 2
Woke up to morning mist. Last day of the year. Took a long nap. Talked to Indigo. Pack tonight. Things are going to get busy when we get to Chicago. See what tomorrow brings. Kahlil Gibran’s The Astronomer. To bare our hearts under the stars. Worked on our Pareto app. The parochial mind cannot comprehend pizza box sushi. Arrested Development. 


Every journey of a postcard maps the lines of our reality.


December 30, 2022 Day 3
Unlocked our Spotify premium. Based conspiracy theories and voting machines. Angelique from the Maroon wrote on our behalf for a press pass to Moby Dick. Updated our handshake profile. Worked on our Pareto app. Called Holden, went through his college essays. 


Roma tibi subito motibus ibit amor—Quintilian


December 29, 2022 Day 4
Back to our spreadsheets. Might as well listen to Moby Dick as we do it. Moby Dick’s Chapter 2 was so sus. Chapter Three with Queequeg was double sus. Put in a good 10 hours of work today. Called Grace, who’s in California. Returning to Chicago now on the first of January. Took a late shower.


“He began feeling me”—Ishmael.


December 28, 2022 Day 5
Texted Grace. Zooming Mark today at 5:30. Mock grind. Hit things running when we get back. Learn to voir-dire. Filled out the Fafsa. Alice in Borderland, Squid Game-esque? Met with Mark, sent him our RA recommendation request. Went out for a jog. Head out earlier tomorrow. The Stone of Scone.


Films: Avatar 2, Babylon, The Farewell, Guillermo’s Pinocchio.


Dreamt that we lived in South, if South was somehow downtown and by Lake Michigan. Stumbled into a large catering room, then a climbing gym and a natural museum by the side of the building. Ran into Grace with her friends, who stopped to talk to us about Smith. Spilled some tteokbokki on her clothes, tried hard to wipe it off with a wet rag.


December 27, 2022 Day 6
Put down a polished copy of our resume. Made a second visit to the dentists. Mom’s friend drove us back in the dark. Talked to Jesenia about Pareto. Feeling ambitious about this upcoming winter quarter. Sausage rice. Added Jesenia to coolcat. Drafted an email to Powley about what we can put on our resume. See if the UChicago Maroon can sponsor our ticket to the puppet show. Newspapers! Read the first page on the first issue of the Exonian. Wrote Julia some comments for her college essays.


“Otium et reges prius et beatas perdidit urbes.” Catullus


December 26, 2022 Day 7
Had kimchi fried rice. Remember to switch out the batteries in our bluetooth keyboard before we leave. Submitted our TAPs write up on Henrik Ibsen. Went out with mom for winter shoes and groceries. Telephone poles. 


Our theater readings are just making up words now—metatheatricality? Architectonics?


December 25, 2022 Day 8
Christmas. Call Aboo tonight. Sent out an email for winter IMs. Return to Chicago a better man. Went out on a three miler. Elinor Fuchs’ visit to a small planet. The Chicago International Puppet Festival. A Moby Dick puppet show?


Dreamt that we were in a city again. Hong Kong, but drier and colder. Climbed a grassy slope by the highway to get to Aboo’s apartment. 


Song: Waiting for Love by Avicii. 


December 24, 2022 Day 9
Ankles a little sore from yesterday. Vivid dreams lately. Pollo campero. Looked through Arhon’s college essays. Emailed Charlotte about house funds. Planned our March break trip with mom. Mock grind. Books getting shipped today. Tomatoes, a culinary delight. 


Dreamt that we ran into Jacqueline and Maya on a train platform. Caught Jacqueline smiling at us from the top of a set of stairs, and fumbled our way up. Was planning to go to the zoo, but ended up talking with her instead. From the platform, the city was an expanse. We were in this fictional Chicago, a Tokyo blend. Chased each other through the shops of an underground mall, through a sushi restaurant where a very friendly Japanese family offered us a slice of whale tongue. Lost her at a corner, but think we made peace with it. 


In a silly place, between two ferns, let me find you.
Giddy from gidig “possessed by a god”


Song: The Whole of the Moon by the Waterboys. Summer before Senior Year.


December 23, 2022 Day 10
The Great Merge. Finalized our Dominion data. Went out on a night run. Felt good, have to keep doing that. Wong fu productions. Had glass noodles for dinner. Arhon called. The Zoolander resurgence. Check out the Popol Vuh. 


Doctrine: On a description of two people on a bench that gets progressively more detailed. Is there a point where all possible details are filled in? Imagine that this point of most-saturation, the totality of information, is a sort of reality—if all forms of perception collect a subset of reality.


Snippet: Forget how alive we feel on night runs. Setting out when the sun dips beneath the clouds. Running on the winding roads and gentle slopes with only the sky above us. Under the pink of dusk, the rouge rolling waves, Mr. Brightside. Then in the dark, feeling as naked as when we were born. The cars zooming past, and the wind in our face! If only others can see what our eyes capture. 


December 22, 2022 Day 11
Cleaned Dominion data. Went down with mom to Wallingford. Times Microwave Services. Dentist did our fillings. Are we the new post-soviets? Took the bus back through New Haven. Was raining out. Hazy New England. Glutinous rice balls. Lauren from New Haven.


Dreamt that we had to compose a play in Greek, decided to do it on hippos. Ran around campus. Walking down an outdoors corridor, caught the concave corner of a building. Sunset. A hexagonal window, sectioned into triangles, in between two walls of patches of brick and concrete. Entered and climbed a stair tower into an aerial hub, glass-domed like a train station, with restaurants and shuttles running in and out. 


December 21, 2022 Day 12
Arranged for a dental consultation tomorrow at 4:15. Called insurance. Bought our summer plane ticket home from Chicago. Watched clips of Diego Maradona. 半斤八兩. Max called. Had some terrific salt-baked chicken. Worked on our RA app. Submitted our resume for review. Looked around on Handshake. 88 Marketplace. 


Have a bananoid for breakfast.
Les Knight of the Voluntary Human Extinction movement.


Reminded in the shower to look at things with natal eyes. We come from the past, but we are the present. Build an identity around who we are in Chicago. 


December 20, 2022 Day 13
Woke up and took the bus down to New Haven. Carmen et error. Visited the dentists at Cornell Scott Hill. Came back and showered. Mock practice. John Oliver, one of the greats. ChatGPT. Vonnegut’s Trafaldamorians. Called to arrange for dental fillings. Boots of Spanish Leather.


Smaiyl and community-driven VCs. Exeter Multifaceted Capital.


December 19, 2022 Day 14
Did the dishes. Had eggs with a buttered croissant. Life can be so pleasant. Two weeks left to go. Doc films. Semantics and semiotics. Mise en scene. Finished our theater homework. Worked on Dominion. Cleaned ourselves up. Turn things around. Become a mock god. Bitter melon, momordica charantia. Stepped out the kitchen sliding door to dunk ourselves in the cold. Felt alive, recalled a memory of the Pacific. 


Snippet: Fall, past 9 on the grass fields of the midway. Dark that we cannot see faces, the ball escaping us frequently. Bumped into you and said sorry. Not accidental. Would you guys like to play us again next week? I said.


Song: Sunkissed by Khai Dreams, Grace. Afterlife by Benee, Move-In Day senior year. Superstar Shit by Dominic Fike, Senior Winter. The blue nights we walked back to Browning down Elliot Street.


December 18, 2022 Day 15
Had salmon cream-cheese baguettes for breakfast. Worked on our spreadsheet. The Bombyx Mori. Go thrifting with Chloe. Get away from screens. Listen to music. Checked in to our dental appointment. College people on the coolcat. Adopted a philosophy of openness. Talked to Zofie and Sumin. Had a really nice convo with Devin. Some really cool people out there. Read Will Park’s Into a New Infinity again. Making our stand now. Return to activity, have to be outside. Ryan Gosling’s black shirt and gold tie in La La Land. 


People at Chicago: Alex and Lea. Devin and Sergio (Pool bros!). Richard, Adan, Andre. Ray, Aymane, Jack Monday, Joe, Rohan. Fredric, Mateo, Anamelia. Isabella, mock people. Reach out to Elijah and get to know Thomas. Phil, Min, Sumin, Zofie, Seth, Giancarlo.


Adapting coolcat for the advent of college friends, doctoring past entries. Can’t have people knowing we’re a no-good mind-dweller. 


December 17, 2022 Day 16
Did not end up going to Costco. Fix our sleep routine. Adapted coolcat. Chloe back. Worked on Dominion. Played 20 questions with Gabby. Got ahead on Text and Performance. Can’t believe we’re taking a class on puppets. Ordered our books on Amazon. Caught up with Rishi from Exeter, he seems to be doing well. Life distilled into narratives.


December 16, 2022 Day 17
Shaved. A new man! Look for nice sweaters. Life of the mind. Calvino’s amorous birds of prey. Consider photography. Read Bluets by Maggie Nelson, a blue-fueled fanaticism. Blue, like love, is a god. Colour as a platonic form. Talk to Clark about it. Noli me tangere—for doubt me not. Arthur Sze. Uchi winter survival guide. Start vlogging. Go visit Career Advancement. Exeter grads are everywhere. Went out for a mile. Thoughts on a streetlamp. Compose tomorrow. Going to Costco tomorrow. 


To His Coy Mistress by Andrew Marvell 


Dreamt that we ran into Jacqueline at Weth. She thought we’d hate to see her. Went through the doors and walked out to a lilypond in summer. The air was yellow, the hue of sunlight and nostalgia.


Snippet: At dusk, the cold warmth of the streetlight on the asphalt is the colour of surrender. There are things we can’t change, we say as our breath crystallizes into cigarette smoke. In the moment between one fucked thing and another, man is infinite—we are awake. 


December 15, 2022 Day 18
Big day for Chloe. Texted Nick. Signed an NDA for Powley. The Exeter Man: Rebel without a Cause. Apply to the Blue Chips next year after our summer internship. Chloe got into college. Watched American Vandal. The Mockumentary. 


December 14, 2022 Day 19
Asked to latch onto Isabella for the housing lottery. New Night at the Museum movie. Jeremy Fragrance, a Homelander type of character. Worked on our Savchenko cross. Finished the Symposium. Watched Highlander. 


“See you not how all animals, birds, as well as beasts, in their desire of procreation, are in agony when they take the infection of love?”—Diotima of Mantinea, Symposium.


Song: Dying in LA by Panic at the Disco!


December 13, 2022 Day 20
Called Dad. Think transfer plans are a no. Our first 4.0. Spent a good couple hours on coding. Isabella’s back on our Mock team. Went out for a three miler. The air crisp like a knife. Ran on the track. Montezuma. Watched Rick and Morty. Freddie Mercury. Ask Gabby out to the movies? Finished our fama-french three factor replication. Talked to Sam. 


If in three years we are put in stasis, live as best as we can. Know that we tried. 
Song: Who Wants to Live Forever by Queen. Under Pressure.


December 12, 2022 Day 21
Met with Powley. Have to figure this stuff out. Additional complications on our decision to transfer. Lifepath: Quant Trader? Had congee for breakfast. Registered ourselves for astro. Went down to Hartford with mom to renew our I-551. Witnessed the naturalization process. People with their little flags. Mock case changes out. Mimesis by Erich Auerbach. The practice of Kintsugi, gold-mending. Made spaghetti.


December 11, 2022 Day 22
Warmth lured us to sleep. Awake now. Draft an email to Terhune. Reached out to Powley. Meeting him tomorrow at 9 AM. Worked on our transfer app. Updated our resume. Miss advocating for kids on CCC. Think we’ll call up the CCO office tomorrow. To be in imago dei. Zoomed for Mock Trial. Weece was wrong. Went for a two miler in the snow. Drafted our coolcat to Fleet Foxes’ Montezuma. Talked to Will Park, shared with him our reflection on trains. Daniel called. 


December 10, 2022
Woke up and showered. Met Jennifer in front of the reg. Carpooled to Midway. Finally read the Symposium, via Will Park’s recommendation. Descended upon the wooded forests and the gentle slopes of New England. Archie picked us up. Stopped for the bathroom at a Skooters. Back home in Connecticut. Talked to mom about transferring. 


Shook that Plato described love as originating from poverty. What a revelation.


December 9, 2022
Met Ethan for breakfast at Cathey. Ripples on the rink. Slipped on ice. Sat in the Stuart cubicles. All to ourselves. A trip to the Garfield park conservatory? Hieronymus Bosch’s triptychs. Looked at Sophia’s essay on Antigone. Thought about our transfer app. Wound up at Woodlawn. Ate with Alex and Leah. Coconut stew. Had a nice long conversation with Niko by the windows. Ran into Cory. Did our laundry. Thought about petroglyphs and birds of preys, vultures, scavengers. Hung out with Gabby. Forgot we could chortle. Shower in the morning. 


Memento: Our compass—knowing that idleness destroys, turn our mind towards production. Make it our life’s mission to engage in dialectic and participate in the evolution of thought. Youtube. Podcast. Interviews. 


December 8, 2022
Walked to Woodlawn for breakfast. When Harry Met Sally. Harry’s crazy with it. Moved downstairs to the third floor lounge. Antigone. Curry spice noodles for dinner. Called Holden. See if we can crash at someone’s in New York. Thomas? Borrowed William’s sewing kit for our shoes. Golden slumbers. Filled in a writing survey for Tommy. Goodpain.


Song: Seventeen by Sjowgren


December 7, 2022
Slept in. Found our way to the Reg. Read a couple chapters of Calvino. Six memos for the next Millennium. Transformers: Battle over Chicago. Peeked inside the Oriental Institute’s reading room. Egyptian hieroglyphics. Tiled ceilings. Went on a 2 miler through the Japanese garden. Returned via the Museum of Science and Industry. Here, a city of stone. Watched the Kierkegard episode on ant slavery. 


Snippet: In a music video, an old man clutches a metal wheel. His beard, lumps of grey clay, weigh down his face. Wiping the moss off the wheel, the man winds it back—and night returns to day. The man is young again, his hair lush and black. Just a moment, before the wheel takes its course and the years come piling back. 


December 6, 2022
Got dressed. Raspberries at breakfast. Done with finals. Banging. Use our next couple of days wisely. Draft coolcat. Watched bullet train. Erstwhile in a dark forest. Finished our 糖醋排骨. Craving cucumber sandwiches. Views of Mount Fuji. Threaded our hoodie as we watched Bullet Train. Lore of the Tentoumushi. Stocked up on some snacks from the homeroom. Visited Rishi’s room. A new Indiana Jones movie. One man’s quest to spiritual awakening. 


Snippet: 50s hotel. Beige diamond-backed floor. Been thinking again about how much right we have to the past. By the slight stubble on your chin. White Winter Hymnal, as if jolted from some long sleep.


Coolcat: Done with our finals today, so our first term of college is at an end. Have taken a long break from here and feel eager to return—hoping to jog something lost. Thinking is living. Going home in a couple days and am excited. 


Song: Good Morning by the Bleachers.


December 5, 2022
Settled in the fifth floor house lounge. Grind out. Aeneas and Anchises. Talked to Phil about transferring. Grow as we go. Running through Sufjan Stevens. Submitted our hum essay. Compartmentalizing god? Review for math tonight. Deal with add/drop later. Sent Moreau an email. Full speed ahead on math review. White winter hymnal on loop. Ended up submitting our sosc paper. Go to bed now. Review epsilon delta proofs in the morning. 


Song: Unworthy of Your Love by Ben Platt


December 4, 2022
Ran by Medici’s with Sophia. Watched the Better Call Saul finale. Broke in our two drafts. Had dinner at Woodlawn. Walked back with Alex and Lea. Showmanship. Arhon called. Save us a seat at the symposium!


Snippet: Camera pans over a half sliced orange covered in dirt. Grey ash falls over the streets of an abandoned city. Dystopian citrus. 


December 3, 2022
Ludus calamari. Walked to Woodlawn for breakfast. Finish Omeros. Aristophanes, the origin of love. Talked through our draft with Richard. We have something here. Grabbed rice and plantains for dinner. Two sentence horror stories with Alex and Lea. Fire alarm went off, and we stood outside in the cold, huddled like penguins.


Song: The Origin of Love by Hedwig and the Angry Inch


December 2, 2022
Went to our ling section. Had breakfast at Baker. Judith and Holofernes. The Prophet Neolin. Ate and walked back to ihouse. Took a nap before meeting with Will. Coconut thin mints. Finished our gradarius. Heated up our unagi. Had dinner down at Tiffins with Mikey. Howard Hamlin Rip.


Honey hold me, bring us to morningside.


December 1, 2022
Picked up our keyboard on the way out the door. The keys bounce. Visit the techbar after our finals. Took a nap in the reg under Richard’s watchful eye. Elvis. Trust in Zyman. Composed our Hubbard cross during Mock practice. Heated our soup. Bang out Omeros tonight.


November 30, 2022
Sufjan Stevens in the scathing cold. Talked to Stephen about transferring. Lunch. Finish our essay this afternoon. Our last sosc class of this year. Had dinner at Bart. Walked back and went to sleep. 


Our infinite young hearts! In the wind of afternoon awakening. 


November 29, 2022
Woke up and did our math hand-in. Had lunch with Fredric. Sat down and composed our last close reading in the reg. The Farewell, Lulu Wang. Went to our lecture on Machiavelli. Nap time. Mock practice. Ethan and objections. Mind-composed our Omeros essay on the walk back to ihouse. Raining out. Heated up mom’s curry chicken. Watched Better Call Saul. 


We arrived godless, memories severed.
Starting on a new page. Old doc was tiring out. Translation: lagging. 


Continuation of 100 days April 8th, 2021 to November 28, 2022 :
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Zq3FxsQ9Z1ly1QdQCxUfpUZFzCrdsbl00IZIaS5rkc/edit